Part of the reason why lung cancer is so deadly is because it’s difficult to diagnose – but this new artificial intelligence program from Google has proven to be a potential lifesaver.

According to a new study from Google and Northwestern Medicine, their newly-developed deep learning system was able to outperform radiologists in detecting malignant lung nodules.

If the system becomes more widely available in a clinical setting, it could enhance the accuracy of early lung cancer diagnosis, which could lead to earlier treatment and thousands of lives saved.

The deep-learning system was compared against radiologists evaluating low-dose chest computed tomography (LDCT) scans for patients, some of whom had biopsy confirmed cancer within a year.

In most comparisons, the model performed as good as – and in some cases, even better – than radiologists.

LOOK: You Can Now Use These Pocket-Sized ‘Bee Savior’ Cards to Rescue Hungry Honeybees on the Sidewalk

The system also produced fewer false positives and fewer false negatives, which could lead to fewer unnecessary follow-up procedures and fewer missed tumors.

The paper was published in Nature Medicine earlier this week.

Lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer-related death in the United States, resulting in an estimated 160,000 deaths in 2018. Large clinical trials across the United States and Europe have shown that chest screening can identify the cancer and reduce death rates. However, high error rates and the limited access to these screenings mean that many lung cancers are usually detected at advanced stages when they are hard to treat.

MORE: First Smartphone App to Detect Ear Infections in Children Could Save Unnecessary Doctor’s Visits

Deep learning is a technique that teaches computers to learn by example. The deep-learning system utilizes both the primary CT scan and, whenever available, a prior CT scan from the patient as input. Prior CT scans are useful in predicting lung cancer malignancy risk because the growth rate of suspicious lung nodules can be indicative of malignancy. The computer was trained using fully de-identified, biopsy-confirmed low-dose chest CT scans.

“Radiologists generally examine hundreds of two-dimensional images or ‘slices’ in a single CT scan, but this new machine learning system views the lungs in a huge, single three-dimensional image,” said study co-author Dr. Mozziyar Etemadi, a research assistant professor of anesthesiology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and of engineering at McCormick School of Engineering.

“AI in 3D can be much more sensitive in its ability to detect early lung cancer than the human eye looking at 2D images,” he added. “This is technically ‘4D’ because it is not only looking at one CT scan, but two (the current and prior scan) over time.

MORE: Bedside Bioprinter May Soon Use Burn Patients’ Cells to Print Out New Skin Directly on Wounds

“In order to build the AI to view the CTs in this way, you require an enormous computer system of Google-scale. The concept is novel but the actual engineering of it is also novel because of the scale.”

The novel system identifies both a region of interest and whether the region has a high likelihood of lung cancer.

The model outperformed six radiologists when previous CT imaging was not available and performed as well as the radiologists when there was prior imaging.

CHECK OUT: Smart Caption Glasses Allow Deaf Audience Members to Watch Live Theater Performers Directly

“The system can categorize a lesion with more specificity. Not only can we better diagnose someone with cancer, we can also say if someone doesn’t have cancer, potentially saving them from an invasive, costly and risky lung biopsy,” Etemadi said.

Google scientists developed the deep-learning model and applied it to 6,716 de-identified CT scan sets provided by Northwestern Medicine to validate the accuracy of its new system. The scientists found the artificial-intelligence-powered system was able to spot sometimes-minuscule malignant lung nodules with a model AUC of 0.94 test cases.

Shravya Shetty, technical lead at Google, said: “This area of research is incredibly important, as lung cancer has the highest rate of mortality among all cancers, and there are many challenges in the way of broad adoption of lung cancer screening.

LOOK: Surgeons Successfully Implant World’s First 3D-Printed Rib – and They Plan On Doing Even More in the Future

“Our work examines ways AI can be used to improve the accuracy and optimize the screening process, in ways that could help with the implementation of screening programs,” added Shetty. “The results are promising, and we look forward to continuing our work with partners and peers.”

The authors caution that these findings need to be clinically validated in large patient populations, but they say this model may assist in improving the management and outcome of patients with lung cancer.

“Most of the software we use as clinicians is designed for patient care, not for research,” Etemadi said. “It took over a year of dedicated effort by my entire team to extract and prepare data to help with this exciting project.

“The ability to collaborate with world-class scientists at Google, using their unprecedented computing capabilities to create something with the potential to save tens of thousands of lives a year is truly a privilege.”

Reprinted from Northwestern Now

Be Sure And Share The Good News With Your Friends On Social Media…A teenage boy is being hailed for coming to the rescue of a disabled man who was struggling to get home before a dangerous storm hit their city.

In addition to being legally blind due to diabetes, Gregory Beck is a double amputee who needs a wheelchair to get around St. Louis, Missouri.

The man had just been leaving the grocery store last week when tornado sirens started blaring.

As he began wheeling himself home, passing drivers would yell at him to hurry up and get to safety – but then just as Beck was stopping at a gas station to rest his arms, one car pulled over to help.

LOOK: Five Teenage Boys Are Being Praised for Stopping Their Car to Help Fallen Senior and Clean His Wounds

16-year-old Seth Phillips had been in the van with his mother Amber Gilleylen when he saw Beck in his wheelchair. Worried for the man’s safety, Seth asked his mother if he could help to push Beck home.

The trepidatious teen then pushed Beck’s wheelchair the remaining quarter of a mile to his house – a grueling journey which would ordinarily take Beck 25 minutes to complete.

Proud of her son’s compassionate gesture, Gilleylen followed Seth in her car and captured a video of him pushing the wheelchair.

RELATED: Watch the Heartwarming Results of Teen Skaters Befriending 5-Year-old Boy With Autism on His Birthday

After it was published to social media, it was viewed thousands of times.

“My hope is that other teenagers will see that it’s the cool thing to do, you know, it’s good to help other people,” Gilleylen told KMOV. “It doesn’t make you uncool to stop and help someone who needs it.”

Since their story went viral, Gilleylen and Seth have started a GoFundMe page in order to raise money for a new electric wheelchair for Beck – and it is already halfway to its goal of $4,000.

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photo by Amber Gilleylen

Be Sure And Share This Sweet Story Of Kindness With Your Friends On Social Media…Adidas has already been making great strides to rid the world of plastic waste – and now they are taking it one step further by introducing a 100% recyclable performance running shoe that is “made to be remade.”

Sports footwear typically include complex material mixes and component gluing which result in a shoe that can only be downcycled.

After almost a decade of research and development, however, Adidas has refined the process to create the Futurecraft.Loop: a shoe that uses only one type of material and no glue.

Each component is made from 100% reusable TPU – it’s spun to yarn, knitted, molded and clean-fused. Once the shoes come to the end of their first life and are returned to Adidas – they are washed, ground to pellets and melted into material for components for a new pair of shoes, with zero waste and nothing thrown away.

RELATED: Construction Begins On First Ever Commercial Plastics-to-Fuel Factory in the US

The project is aimed at tackling the problem of plastic waste, enabling a “closed loop” or circular manufacturing model, where the raw materials can be repurposed again and again. But not just repurposed into a water bottle or a tote – but into another pair of high-performance running shoes.

In 2015, Adidas introduced the first footwear concept with its upper materials made entirely of yarns and filaments from reclaimed and recycled marine plastic waste and illegal deep-sea gillnets. In 2019, Adidas will produce 11 million pairs of shoes containing recycled ocean plastic through intercepting plastic waste on beaches, remote islands, and in coastal communities.

Adidas is now committed to using only recycled polyester in every one of their products and applications where a solution exists by 2024.

LOOK: This Clever Little School Has Been Requiring Students to Pay for Tuition With Plastic Waste Instead of Money

“Taking plastic waste out of the system is the first step, but we can’t stop there,” said Eric Liedtke, an Executive Board Member at adidas. “What happens to your shoes after you’ve worn them out? You throw them away – except there is no away. There are only landfills and incinerators and ultimately an atmosphere choked with excess carbon, or oceans filled with plastic waste. The next step is to end the concept of ‘waste’ entirely. Our dream is that you can keep wearing the same shoes over and over again.

“Futurecraft.Loop is our first running shoe that is made to be remade. It is a statement of our intent to take responsibility for the entire life of our product; proof that we can build high-performance running shoes that you don’t have to throw away.”

The first generation of Futurecraft.Loop is rolling out as part of a global beta program with 200 influencers from across the world’s major cities. Adidas is asking them to run, return the shoes, and share feedback on their experience ahead of the second-generation drop.

MORE: Two Scottish Entrepreneurs Are Working to Replace Palm Oil With the Oil From Used Coffee Grounds

The insights will then be used to shape the roadmap for the wider release targeted for the spring or summer of 2021.

Tanyaradzwa Sahanga, who is the manager of Adidas’s innovation department, commented: “There were times when it didn’t seem like we could get over some of the technical hurdles – now we’ve made the first leap, the playing field has changed.

“We cannot create a circular future on our own, we are going to need each other. We’re excited to see this first step come to life as part of the beta launch.”

Run This Good News Over To Your Friends By Sharing It To Social Media – Photo by AdidasA frantic truck driver named Nick has been reunited with his beloved cat companion after a fellow traveler saw his plea for help on Reddit.

Nick had been on his way past Elgin, Illinois when he noticed that one of his truck mirrors was in need of repair. Since repair shop mechanics said that they were unable to fix the mirror until the following morning, he prepared to spend his evening watching movies with his cat Waylon.

In addition to the fearless feline being an ideal travel buddy, Waylon has also helped Nick cope with the emotional difficulties of being a veteran.

“I’m not gonna go into detail, but long story short, I don’t do well in crowds, or when I’m totally alone. Waylon kept me grounded. He kept me sane,” writes Nick. “And most of all, he kept me safe.”

LOOK: Frozen Cat That Was Found Unresponsive, Buried in Snow Makes Miraculous Recovery

So when Nick suddenly noticed that Waylon was missing from his truck, he began to panic.

“I stood and hollered for him, but he didn’t respond,” says Nick. “Waylon ALWAYS responds. He’s a very vocal cat. I started tearing up the sleeper, hoping he was just really sleepy or something, but I found no luck there. That’s when I realized that he had gotten out.”

Distraught over his missing friend, Nick stayed up the entire night calling Waylon’s name and rattling his can of cat treats as bait – but to no avail.

Finally after almost 12 hours of searching, Nick knew that he had to be on his way – but before he hit the road, he posted a picture of Waylon to the “Trucker Cats” Reddit page.

CHECK OUT: One Cat’s Obsession With Hunting Birds Leads to Invention That Has Saved Hundreds of Thousands

“I know that the odds are slim, but if you picked him up or see him please let me know. I didn’t know what else to do,” read Nick’s online plea. “I have to get back on the road now, so it’s out of my hands. I won’t give up hope. I know that he’ll remember me as long as he lives. I love you buddy. I hope I see you soon.”

Nick’s inbox was immediately flooded with dozens of messages of hope and encouragement, but he could not help but feel heartbroken over Waylon’s disappearance.

As fate would have it, however, the 23-year-old trucker had just picked up a new shipment of cargo in Wisconsin before heading off to Utah when his cell phone rang – and the phone call was from a traveling couple who claimed that they had found Waylon in a bramble bush on the side of the highway.

LOOK: Photos of 75-Year-Old Volunteer Napping With Cats Hauls in Funds to Run Sanctuary for a Year

“I was skeptical, but the more they described him, the more I started believing them,” says Nick. “Finally when I saw the picture, that was all I needed. It was him. My boy. My Waylon.”

The couple say that they only managed to spot the young feline because their flashlight had reflected off of its eyes in the nighttime darkness.

Despite being on the Iowa border, Nick immediately changed course so he could meet up with the couple and be reunited with his beloved companion.

MORE: Woman Realizes the Old Dog She Just Adopted Was Same One She Had as a Child

“I NEEDED him back. That cat represents my whole life,” says Nick. “I don’t have any kids, or a wife, or even a girlfriend. That cat is my only companion.”

Needless to say, the reunion was an emotional one. Though it took Waylon 24 hours to recover from his expedition into the wild, he and his human are apparently back to their happy traveling selves.

“Now, I’m off to keep exploring this wide country, and Waylon will be there with me every step of the way,” says Nick – and if you would like to keep up with their travels, you can follow their Instagram or Imgur pages.

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Reunion With Your Friends On Social Media…Colorado has just become the first US state to pass legislation that puts a cap on the price of insulin.

Colorado Gov. Jared Polis signed a bill this week that will prevent pharmaceutical companies from charging massive sums of money for the life-saving medication.

Depending on their insurance coverage, diabetic Americans can be charged as much as $1,000 out-of-pocket for a month’s supply of insulin.

RELATED: Instead of Buying New Car, Retired Paramedic Spends $40K on Overdose Prevention Kits and Already Saved 94 Lives

Now that the HB19-1216 bill has been approved, however, state residents will no longer be forced to pay more than $100 per month for the medication.

With insulin prices increasing by more than 1,000% over the course of the last two decades, the bill also demands the department of law “to investigate the pricing of prescription insulin drugs and submit a report of its findings to the governor” by November 2020.

The price-cap law is set to go into full effect on January 1st, 2020 – but with more than 400,000 Colorado residents living with type 1 and 2 diabetes, the legislation is being hailed as a trailblazing new stance against price-gouging.

(WATCH the news coverage below or our international viewers can check out the footage on the CBS News website)

Treat Your Friends To Some Positivity By Sharing The Good News To Social Media – File photo by Marco Verch, CCHundreds of homeless people across Los Angeles have access to clean laundry thanks to a new initiative that is celebrating the power of a fresh start.

The Laundry Truck LA, a free mobile laundry service for individuals experiencing homelessness, received a $30,000 grant, along with cleaning products, from Clorox. The nonprofit was created in 2017 by DOLAN Clothing founder Jodie Dolan, but only operated for six hours every Thursday at Huntington Park.

Now with the help of the grant money, the Laundry Truck has launched Saturday Wash Day services in last month.

The truck is outfitted with multiple washer and dryer sets and will eventually be parked at various locations 3 to 5 days per week, with the capacity to wash and dry more than 5,000 loads of clothing annually. And, as you see in the heartwarming video, volunteers will actually wash the clothes for you.

LOOK: This is the Largest Village Built Exclusively to House the Homeless in US – and It’s About to Get Even Bigger

Clorox issued the grant as a part of their “What Comes Next” campaign, which supports individuals and organizations that are giving back to their communities through the power of cleanliness. The company has provided a combination of grant funding, product donations, and volunteers for 10 grassroots organizations—including two run by teenagers.

A high school freshman from Florida started The Laundry Project to bring well-being and self-esteem to low income folks in Charlottesville, Virginia. Cutter Huston has washed $3,000 worth of laundry to date—and with a $15,000 grant, will be blessing even more people. $17,000 went to an eighth grader, Jayera Griffin, who launched Community Laundry Days after seeing her classmates come to school in dirty clothes in Riverdale, Illinois.

(WATCH the heartwarming video below)

Clean Up Negativity By Sharing The Good News To Social Media…A new facility in Kentucky has become the nation’s first factory to begin cultivating “wood” out of hemp.

In addition to being 20% tougher than oak, “hempwood” grows 100 times faster. It looks and feels like traditional oak materials – but instead of waiting several decades for a tree to fully mature, hemp can be harvested and regrown in just six months.

Additionally, there are about 78 species of oak tree that are now in danger of going extinct as a result of logging and deforestation.

Hempwood, which is made from hemp fibers and soy-based adhesives, has been in development for the past decade. Greg Wilson, who is the mastermind behind the new Fibonacci hempwood factory, created the company back in March 2018 following 13 years of research and development in the wood products industry.

LOOK: First Marathon to Swap Plastic Bottles for Biodegradable Pouches Made Out of Plants

The $6 million Fibonacci factory, which opened in Murray in the spring March, only recently started producing their specialized material with more than 40,000 acres of hemp.

“We look forward to being a productive member of Kentucky’s agricultural and manufacturing communities, and the enormous opportunities of hempwood as a renewable alternative to oak,” said Wilson.

Kentucky Commissioner of Agriculture Ryan Quarles said in a press release that this is another step toward the diversification of the state’s burgeoning hemp industry.

MORE: Rooftop Panels of Tiny Plants Can Cleanse Polluted Air at 100 Times the Rate of a Single Tree

“When I became commissioner of agriculture, I said I wanted to make Kentucky the epicenter of the hemp industry in the United States,” Quarles said. “The fact that Greg Wilson and Fibonacci LLC are choosing Kentucky to locate the first HempWood operation in the United States is a testament to the work we’ve done to strategically position Kentucky’s hemp industry.”

Calloway County Judge-Executive Kenneth Imes also praised the impact of the company’s decision to buy products locally.

“As judge-executive, I am always glad to see new jobs in our community but this particular project is especially exciting,” Judge-Executive Imes said. “Not only will Fibonacci create 25 new jobs and invest almost $6 million, but they will also buy from our local farmers.”

Plant Some Positivity Amongst Your Friends By Sharing The Good News To Social Media…In a world first, researchers from King’s College London believe they may have found a new therapy that can induce heart cells to regenerate after a heart attack.

Myocardial infarction, more commonly known as a heart attack, caused by the sudden blocking of one of the cardiac coronary arteries, is the main cause of heart failure: a condition that now affects over 23 million population in the world, according to the World Health Organization.

At present, when a patient survives a heart attack, they are left with permanent structural damage to their heart through the formation of a scar, which can lead to heart failure in the future. Fish and salamander, on the other hand, can regenerate the heart throughout life.

In a new study that was published last week in Nature, however, the team of investigators delivered a small piece of genetic material, called microRNA-199, to the heart of pigs, after a myocardial infarction – and the treatment resulted in the almost complete recovery of cardiac function one month later.

RELATED: Broccoli Isn’t Just Good For You – Scientists Find It Holds Molecule That Could Be the ‘Achilles’s Heel’ of Cancer

Lead author Professor Mauro Giacca, from King’s College London said: “It is a very exciting moment for the field. After so many unsuccessful attempts at regenerating the heart using stem cells, which all have failed so far, for the first time we see real cardiac repair in a large animal.”

This is the first demonstration that cardiac regeneration can be achieved by administering an effective genetic drug that stimulates cardiac regeneration in a large animal, with heart anatomy and physiology like that of humans.

Professor Giacca and his team joined the School of Cardiovascular Medicine and Sciences BHF Centre of Excellence of King’s College London earlier this year to continue translation of these studies in patients.

MORE: Another Study Shows How Flickering Lights Can Slow (And Maybe Even Reverse) Alzheimer’s Symptoms

Professor Ajay Shah, who is the Head of the School of Cardiovascular Medicine and Sciences at King’s, said: “A treatment that helps the heart repair itself after a heart attack is the holy grail for cardiologists.

“Professor Giacca’s study convincingly demonstrates for the first time that this might actually be feasible and not just a pipe-dream,” Shad added. “It’s a very exciting advance in the field. While we are not yet at a stage where a treatment could be offered to patients, I’m confident that our excellent team in the King’s BHF Centre of Excellence is very well placed to drive forward the research to make such a treatment a reality.”

Reprinted from King’s College London

Good News Is Good For The Heart: Share It With Your Friends On Social Media – Photo by King’s College LondonThousands of encouraging roadside signs have been popping up around the world – and it’s all thanks to one woman who felt helpless in the face of mental illness.

Amy Wolff was first inspired to start erecting the inspirational signs after she had a heartbreaking discussion with an acquaintance in May 2017

“We were hanging out with friends when one of them mentioned the suicide rates in our community and I about fell out of my chair,” says Wolff. “I felt completely hopeless and ill-equipped to be part of a solution. After all, I wasn’t a therapist. I didn’t know of anyone suffering with thoughts of self-harm. What on earth could I do?”

Despite her initial feelings of helplessness, Wolff got the idea to start putting up motivational signs in people’s yards. For the following two weeks, she and her kids started knocking on people’s doors across their town of Newburg, Oregon and asking if they could put up signs featuring messages like “Don’t Give Up” and “Your Mistakes Don’t Define You”.

RELATED: If You Worry About Having ADHD, Don’t Despair – Scientists Now Believe Leonardo da Vinci Had It Too

Wolff then started receiving messages from other people in the community wanting to buy the signs – and within a few days, Wolff had sold over 150 of the yard signs.

The very same night, Wolff’s husband designed her a website to sell the signs at-cost.

“The movement really picked up traction when family friends road tripped that summer from Portland to Rochester, leaving a trail of our [messages] in every public bathroom, restaurant, and rest station across this great country,” says Wolff.

MORE: ‘Guardian’ Officer Has Saved Over 200 People From Jumping Off the Golden Gate Bridge

“Within a year, we had news outlets in Dallas, Boston, Massachusetts, Cincinnati, and Portland cover our movement,” she added. “I guess generous love with no strings attached was newsworthy. I guess yard signs were genius.”

By the fall of 2018, Wolff realized that her initiative was not going to slow down any time soon – so she then launched the Don’t Give Up nonprofit for her signs.

Since she planted her first sign two years ago, she has shipped the nonprofit’s messages of encouragement to all 50 US states and 26 countries in 6 languages.

LOOK: How a Yoga Teacher is Saving First Responders Across America From Depression – With Downward Dog

With May being Mental Health Awareness Month, the testimonies that Wolff has received from sign owners are particularly significant.

One sign owner told the nonprofit: “I just had a woman knock on my door. She began to cry and thank me for the signs in my yard. She lives up the road and said her son had attempted suicide and these signs were in the yard the day they came home from the hospital. She drives by every day and for her, her son, and her daughter – the reminder is profound.”

CHECK OUT: Global Suicide Rate Has Declined By 29%, With Millions of Tragedies Avoided Since 2000

Another testimonial reads: “So someone just knocked on my door almost in tears. He told me about his daughter and her struggles with drugs and asked if he could buy my sign. Of course I said no he could have it. I prayed for both of them and he left. I will be ordering more signs…”

A more recent endorsement says: “Today a middle school boy knocked on my window while I was in the drop-off lane at school. He pointed to my ‘You Matter’ decal and said ‘Seeing your decal made me feel special and good about myself. Thanks.’”

Wolff now hopes that the movement will continue gaining traction so that young people – and adults – will be reminded that there is indeed a light at the end of the tunnel and they are deserving of happiness.

Be Sure And Share The Inspiring Story With Your Friends For Mental Health Awareness Month – Photo by Don’t Give UpThere may be more to being a “dog person” than just having a preference – this new research suggests that it’s in our genetic makeup.

A team of Swedish and British scientists have studied the heritability of dog ownership using information from 35,035 twin pairs from the Swedish Twin Registry.

The results indicate that an individual’s genetic make-up has a great influence on whether they choose to acquire a dog. Genes appear to account for more than half of the difference in dog ownership.

Dogs were the first domesticated animal and have had a close relationship with humans for at least 15,000 years. One study that was conducted in 2018 says that dogs are surprisingly empathetic and they will do anything to help when you’re distressed, while this other piece of research says that dogs are so delighted by the sight of human smiles, they will ignore danger just to bask in their owner’s joy.

RELATED: Goats Want to See You Smile, Says Adorable New Study

Today, dogs are common pets in our society and are considered to increase the well-being and health of their owners. Just to name a few of the benefits, this recent survey of American pet owners shows that people have made more than a few friendships and meaningful connections through their pup. This 2015 study also suggests that living with a dog may boost your immune system.

In order to investigate the dog-human relationship, a team from Uppsala University compared the genetic makeup of twins (using the Swedish Twin Registry – the largest of its kind in the world) with dog ownership. The goal was to determine whether dog ownership has a heritable component.

The results are published for the first time in Scientific Reports.

MORE: Homeless Man’s Life Completely Changes After He Pays Back Animal Shelter That Kindly Cared for His Dog

“We were surprised to see that a person’s genetic makeup appears to be a significant influence in whether they own a dog,” said Professor Tove Fall, lead author of the study. “As such, these findings have major implications in several different fields related to understanding dog-human interaction throughout history and in modern times.

“Although dogs and other pets are common household members across the globe, little is known how they impact our daily life and health. Perhaps some people have a higher innate propensity to care for a pet than others.”

Carri Westgarth, who is a lecturer in human-animal interaction at the University of Liverpool and co-author of the study, adds: “These findings are important as they suggest that supposed health benefits of owning a dog reported in some studies may be partly explained by different genetics of the people studied.”

LOOK: Matches Made in Heaven (and Jail): Look at the Troubled Dogs Saved From Euthanasia by Doting Inmates

Studying twins is a well-known method for disentangling the influences of environment and genes on our biology and behavior. Because identical twins share their entire genome, and non-identical twins on average share only half of the genetic variation, comparisons of the within-pair concordance of dog ownership between groups can reveal whether genetics play a role in owning a dog.

The researchers found concordance rates of dog ownership to be much larger in identical twins than in non-identical ones – supporting the view that genetics indeed plays a major role in the choice of owning a dog.

“These kind of twin studies cannot tell us exactly which genes are involved, but at least demonstrate for the first time that genetics and environment play about equal roles in determining dog ownership,” says Patrik Magnusson, senior author of the study and Head of the Swedish Twin Registry.

CHECK OUT: Dog Saves Its Owner’s Life When It Sniffs Out Cancer, Not Once, But Three Times

“The next obvious step is to try to identify which genetic variants affect this choice and how they relate to personality traits and other factors such as allergy.”

Zooarchaeologist and co-author of the study Keith Dobney added that: “The study has major implications for understanding the deep and enigmatic history of dog domestication.”

“Decades of archaeological research have helped us construct a better picture of where and when dogs entered into the human world, but modern and ancient genetic data are now allowing us to directly explore why and how.”

Reprinted from Uppsala University

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Article With Your Friends On Social Media – Photo by Mikael Wallerstedt / Uppsala UniversityTwo teenage girls are responsible for providing clean water to thousands of people simply by pursuing their love of origami.

Isabelle and Katherine Adams are the masterminds behind Paper for Water: a nonprofit dedicated to funding clean water projects around the world by making and selling their paper creations.

The 15- and 12-year-old girls were first inspired to begin their labor of love in 2012 after they learned about how many young women in developing countries are unable to get an education because they are forced to collect clean water every day.

Though origami ornaments may seem like a small way to fight such a worldwide problem, the teen sisters have managed to raise over $1.5 million in water project funding since they launched their nonprofit seven years ago.

WATCH: Origami Girls Get Water, Tears Flowing for Navajo Family Who Never Had Faucet

Collectively, the money has helped to fund 170 water projects in 17 countries.

As a means of preparing enough origami ornaments to raise money for the initiative, the siblings regularly host origami workshops and paper-folding events around Dallas, Texas.

Additionally, Isabelle and Katherine were recently featured in a NexxGen video that was shown in 300,000 high school junior and senior classrooms earlier this week – which is the equivalent of “6 million to 9 million children being inspired to go out and create positive change,” says the nonprofit.

LOOK: How One Girl Fed Thousands Thanks to an Unusually Large Cabbage

The youngsters are also now working to hit 20,000 YouTube subscribers to they can use the platform’s monetization to raise even more money for water projects.

If you would like to make a donation to the charity or purchase one of the Adams’s origami creations, you can visit the Paper for Water website.

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Paper for Water

Clean Up Negativity By Sharing The Inspiring Story With Your Friends On Social Media…A simple moment of intimacy between an elderly man and his fast food date has melted the hearts of thousands of people across social media.

The heartwarming photo was captured by Al Oliver Reyes Alonzo as he was dining at a McDonald’s in the Philippines last week.

While he was eating his meal, Alonzo spotted an older man who was looking at his female companion with the sweetest expression of love and affection.

As the man leaned his head on his folded arms so he could gaze fondly at his date across the table, Alonzo snapped a photo of the exchange and posted it to Facebook.

LOOK: Husband Plants Field of Flowers for Blind Wife to Smell, So Spectacular it Gets Visitors

The translated caption of the photo simply reads: “Even when we are old, I’d still look at you like this.”

Since publishing the photo to social media, it has been shared thousands of times. Some internet users have used it to pledge their own declarations of love towards their romantic partners; others have expressed their longing to one day experience the same look of love from another person.

Regardless, the picture is the sweetest example of how there can still be plenty of golden moments in your golden years.

Be Sure And Share This Sweet Moment Of Love With Your Friends On Social Media…Today is MOTH Monday on Good News Network: In partnership with The Moth, a nonprofit dedicated to the art of storytelling, we bring you the most uplifting speakers from live stages across the world.

Kevin McAuliffe was terrified of germs – so imagine how anxious he became when his parents told him they were sending him to New York City to spend the weekend with his older brother.

Despite his trepidation over visiting the “place where germs are born”, McAuliffe didn’t want to disappoint his parents; so he packed his bags and boarded the train.

After he arrived at his brother’s apartment, however, he was given an unexpected lesson in bravery when his brother made him face the muck and mire of the city.

Listen to his inspiring story below…

The Moth gives people an opportunity to tell a true story in front of a live audience, and sometimes their stories are chosen to air on the radio show, now celebrating its tenth year, and broadcasting on 485+ public radio stations—and on The Moth podcast, which is downloaded over 52 million times a year.

The Moth’s third book, Occasional Magic: True Stories About Defying the Impossible is now available for purchase through your favorite booksellers.

Share The Courage With Your Friends On Social Media – Photo by Jason Falchook / The MothMaybe you’ve heard about why the chicken crossed the road, but what about the sloth?

This intrepid tree-climber was slowly—very slowly—making its way across a busy Brazilian road during rush hour in Angra dos Reis, Rio de Janeiro when a good Samaritan stepped in to help.

A self-professed animal lover, 50-year-old José Aldenizio knew that he had to save the critter from oncoming traffic – so he approached the sloth, picked it up under the arms, carried it to the other side of the street.

Rather than leaving the animal in the grass, Aldenizio held the sloth up to a nearby tree trunk.

After the sloth had safely taken hold of the tree limb, Aldenizio waved goodbye to his new friend – and to his surprise, the sloth returned the friendly gesture.

(WATCH the cute video below)

Share This Sweet Story With Your Friends On Social Media…It’s never too late to pay your respects to the fallen – and for Gary ­Marquardt, that meant learning to play the trumpet at 66 years old.

Marquardt was just a youngster when he enlisted in the military and waited to be drafted for the Vietnam War. Due to a bleeding ulcer, however, he was deemed unfit to serve.

Years later, he finally found a means of atoning for his guilt over not being able to fight alongside his fellow soldiers.

In 2014, Marquardt had been attending the funeral of a military friend when he was stunned to hear a mechanical recording of a bugle playing taps. He couldn’t help but be bothered by the lack of live music to honor a fallen soldier – so he walked into a music store and started learning to play the trumpet.

RELATED: Watch ‘Lieutenant Dan’s’ Emotional Reaction to Heartfelt Thank-You Video From Veterans

Much to the dismay of his wife and neighbors, Marquardt practiced day and night.

“It was awful,” Marquardt’s wife told KARE11 with a laugh. “Seemed like every 15 minutes, it was all the time. We were all hoping he would get better. And then he did.”

Sure enough, Marquardt managed to become a bona fide trumpeter. He then started using his newfound skill to visit local cemeteries and play taps at the gravestones of recently deceased veterans and soldiers.

LOOK: Striking Photo Shows Baseball Fan Standing in the Rain to Hold Umbrella Over JROTC Member

For the last five years, Marquardt has played taps from the balcony of his home in Excelsior, Minnesota; he still visits cemeteries almost every day in order to play taps for dozens of military graves; and he regularly volunteers for Bugles Across America, a nonprofit that recruits trumpeters to play taps at military funerals.

Though Marquardt told the Star Tribune that he turned 70 years old in April, he has no intention of stopping his labor of love.

(WATCH the emotional 2017 video below) – Photo by Boyd Huppert / KARE11

Be Sure And Share The Inspiring Story With Your Friends On Social Media…LISTEN to this inspiring story told on the radio by the GNN founder (in our Good News Guru segment below) or READ the full story…

Eddie Adams struggled to get by with his 5 siblings and single mother in a homeless shelter. Never did he dream of being on stage.

His journey toward harmony started when he decided to take a band class in high school. He initially wanted to play the drums, but the teacher thought he had no rhythm and suggested he try the cello.

Eddie was apprehensive about the choice. He remembers playing terribly and never being able to hear whether it was in tune. But, he kept trying.

He watched dozens of YouTube instructional videos and the more he practiced, the better he got.

LOOK: China’s ‘Ice Boy’ Has New Home–and New Hope–After Viral Photo Sparked Flood of Donations

With constant encouragement from his teacher, he became so good that he was offered a full-tuition scholarship to George Mason University in Virginia—and became their lead cellist.

June Huang, the university director of string instruments, told CBS News that she was so impressed during Adams’s audition, she dropped her pencil and forgot to take notes because she was so mesmerized.

“Is it amazing he got this far got into college without a formal lesson? That is amazing,” says Huang. “I remember that moment because it’s unique when you hear music come from the core of somebody, the silent peaceful middle of someone and I felt honored to witness that.”

Unfortunately, life in school with no money was difficult. Since he could not afford the bulk of his supplies, he had to borrow textbooks from his fellow classmates, and he didn’t own a cello.

Last month, however, The Washington Post featured a story on Adams—and it turned into a crescendo of blessing.

One stranger is buying him a custom-made cello; another is paying for a fitted tuxedo for performances. A GoFundme campaign that was created for Eddie quickly raised $160,000—and when the 20-year-old saw the influx of donations, he told The Post that he cried all day.

RELATED: The Love and Support of 250 Seniors Made Her Sober—and an Award-Winning Caregiver

He’s already paid off $15,000 in student loans and gone to the dentist for the first time since he was a kid.

He is also paying the kindness forward by taking his cello to a homeless shelter in Alexandria, Virginia, to play for and inspire other young dreamers like himself.

(WATCH the interview below) – Photo by CBS News

Play Up The Positivity By Sharing The Inspiring Story With Friends…It can be scary for a 9-year-old boy to anticipate getting a heart transplant, but luckily for Ethann, he had hundreds of people to cheer him on before the operation.

Ethann is just one of 30 people in the world born with geleophysic dysplasia, a rare skeletal condition typically characterized as a form of dwarfism.

Since the youngster was recently preparing to leave school in order to undergo the transplant for his condition, the entire student population turned out in full force to encourage him.

Hundreds of kids, teachers, and police officers rallied together to throw Ethann a parade before his surgery – and the youngster was understandably delighted.

(WATCH the video below)

Be Sure And Share This Sweet Story Of Childhood Kindness With Your Friends On Social Media…This installment of the Science of Kindness is reprinted with permission from Envision Kindness.

Once a month, I volunteer at a meal center to help serve food to people who are in need. Despite the many other things that I need to do, I really look forward to meeting and serving the patrons, even if only briefly.

Although my motivation begins with wanting to help others and be grateful for what I have been given, it is joy that helps bring me back when I am very busy. I first noticed this some time ago: at the end of our shift, after the kitchen and dining room have been cleaned up, I would experience a lightness of being; a sense of satisfaction and reconnection to purpose. It just feels good.

Allen Luks coined the phrase for this feeling as “the helper’s high”: the sense of euphoria that can be experienced soon after helping someone else. Luks defined two phases—the first characterized by that uplifted, euphoric mood; the second by a longer-lasting sense of calm. The greatest effect (the high) was observed in helping strangers.

A few years ago, as I was researching how kindness affected health, I came to learn that volunteerism was associated with a markedly lower risk of dying. Depending on the study, the decrease in death rates ranged between 20 to 60% or so.

RELATED: How Traffic Jams Show How We Are All Connected Through the Science of Kindness

For perspective, this is hugeAfter water filtration and chlorination were introduced early in the 20th century as a means of providing clean drinking water to the masses, death rates from contaminated water only dropped by about 15 to 20%.

The observations on volunteering come from epidemiologic studies that follow various populations over time. They are notoriously complex because of how people experience a lot of what are called “confounding variables”—different things happening at the same time. For example, people are getting married or divorced, getting or losing jobs, maybe quit smoking, maybe eating and exercising better. With scientific variables like these, it can be hard to sort out cause and effect. That is, maybe people who volunteer live longer simply because they are healthier and able to volunteer. Or perhaps they have the financial resources (don’t have to work two jobs) to allow them more time to volunteer.

Since scientists can try to adjust for these different life events, however, studies generally report that the effects of volunteering remain after these adjustments with reasonable consistency. Following them over time also supports this idea—that volunteerism reduces death. One recent and large European study found that self-reported health scores were significantly better in volunteers than non-volunteers—the difference in scores equivalent to about 5 years of aging.

CHECK OUT: The Science of Kindness – Biology Proves How We Are All Connected

How could volunteering decrease the risk of death? There are several factors at play. The first, and likely most significant, is decreased symptoms of stress and uplifted mood. Multiple studies have provided evidence that volunteering is good for depression, well-being, and social networking, among other effects – which is all entirely consistent with Luks’ observations and my own microcosmic experience. Secondly, people who volunteer regularly also make more effort to take care of themselves, as demonstrated in visits to their doctor for preventive health care.

Finally, people who volunteer may be more physically active, as seen in the Baltimore Experience Corps Trial, a study of the effects of volunteering in older adults. In that study, women (but not men) had a significant increase in walking each day compared to those who did not volunteer.

To try to tie this together, volunteering likely exerts its positive health effects by connecting people to others and to an activity that they find meaningful. Achieving connection, purpose, and meaning is critical to attenuating stressors of life—particularly loneliness. Since stress is a major cause of disease, especially heart disease, the ability to quench the need for connection, purpose, and meaning can bring about beneficial and salutary changes for people. And when there is purpose and we are connected to others, we take care of ourselves.

LOOK: Instead of ‘We Are What We Eat,’ the Science of Kindness Says ‘We Are What We See’ in Daily Life

Most have heard the ancient wisdom that giving benefits the giver more than the receiver. An excerpt from Proverbs speaks to this point by saying: “A generous man will prosper, he who refreshes others will himself be refreshed.” If we look at that solely from a materialistic perspective, the concept is hard to fathom. But if we look at it from a spiritual and now biologic perspective, it totally makes sense. Even many years ago, our predecessors understood this point without modern scientific techniques.

About 25% of the US population volunteers – so what do you think would happen if we could make that number even higher?

If you can’t volunteer right now but you still want to get that good feeling, try looking at the images of kindness, compassion, and love on the Envision Kindness site – because we now know that even simple images of kindness can inspire similar sensations of euphoric “helper’s highs”.

Interested in learning more about the science of kindness and its role in your life? Visit EnvisionKindness.org to learn more.

Be Sure And Share The Science Of Kindness With Your Friends On Social Media…A team of compassionate police officers went above and beyond the call of duty last week when they met an elderly couple who could not afford to fit their wheelchair ramp.

According to a Facebook post from the Sunnydale Department of Public Safety in California, the officers were called to the couple’s home in response to a medical emergency.

Once the patient was treated, the cops couldn’t help but notice that the couple’s wheelchair ramp was in dire need of repair.

RELATED: Dairy Company Rearranges Entire District Truck Schedule So Their Biggest Fan Could Get to Bed On Time

Since the couple was physically and financially unable to fix the ramp themselves, the officers left the residence to gather some supplies before returning to the home and fixing the ramp.

The city’s public safety Facebook page later posted a video of the civil servants hard at work in order to praise them for their compassion – and it has already been viewed thousands of times since it was uploaded last week.

“Although these officers believe they do not need any special recognition for doing this, we wanted to share this story to show you the often unseen kindness that our officers spread throughout our communities,” reads the video caption. “This story wouldn’t have been shared had Captain Anderson not been there to record these scenes and these officers wouldn’t have told anyone about their act of kindness.

“Everyday officers from across our nation impact the lives of others in ways unnoticed. To all who go above and beyond, thank you.”

(WATCH the video below)

Be Sure And Share This Sweet Story Of Kindness With Your Friends On Social Media…A 17-year-old high school valedictorian has become a prime example of how anything is possible – now matter what your circumstances are.

After his father passed away earlier this year, Tupac Mosby and his family fell behind on their bills and were evicted from their home in Memphis, Tennessee in February.

Despite dealing with the death of his father and being homeless for much of his senior year, Tupac graduated from Raleigh Egypt High School this week with a 4.3 GPA.

RELATED: Simple Mistake in the Kitchen Turns into Sweet Success for a Homeless Veteran

Not only did Tupac graduate as his school valedictorian, he also received over $3 million in scholarships and was accepted into 40 different colleges.

The teen will reportedly be studying electrical engineering at Tennessee State University in Nashville starting in the fall. He was recently moved into permanent housing, but he says that he hopes his experience will inspire other people to persevere in the face of adversity.

“Never let your current situation, whatever circumstances you’re going through, be a mountain that you can’t climb,” he told reporters.

(WATCH the interview below) – Photo by Shelby County Schools

Be Sure And Share The Incredible Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Two teenage siblings are responsible for saving thousands of pounds of food waste from ending up in landfills – and now, they are being rewarded with the tools to save even more.

Emma and Ugo Angeletti are the masterminds behind back2earth, a nonprofit organization dedicated to collecting food waste around Miami, Florida.

Since its inception in June 2018, the 18- and 19-year-old siblings have collected more than 15,000 pounds of food waste and produced more than 4,000 pounds of compost to nourish hyperlocal gardens by installing food waste drop-off stations and compost stations around the Miami area.

Collectively, their recycling efforts have also saved an estimated 25,000 gallons of water and prevented 130,000 pounds of CO2 from entering the atmosphere.

LOOK: How One Girl Fed Thousands Thanks to an Unusually Large Cabbage

The siblings were recently nominated as the winners of General Mills’s Feeding Better Futures program which supports the efforts of youngsters doing great things to improve global food issues, such as fighting hunger, reducing food waste and advancing sustainable agriculture in their communities.

“We’re inspired by how driven today’s youth is to champion a happier, healthier world,” said General Mills CEO Jeff Harmening in a statement. “We’re proud to combine the ideas and passion of these young leaders with General Mills’ ability to scale. Together, we can turn small steps into big impact.”

With the mentorship and $50,000 grant money awarded to them through the program, the Angelettis plan to further their initiative by developing even more drop-off stations and gardens outside of Florida, as well as distributing more compost kits for residents to use in their own homes.

(WATCH the announcement video below)

Plant Some Positivity By Sharing The Inspiring Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Becca Bundy has always been grateful for the firefighter who came to her daughter’s rescue in 2016 – and after experiencing a serendipitous encounter in a bar, she finally got to repay the favor.

66-year-old Bill Cox was the emergency responder who first arrived on the scene when Bundy’s daughter was having a seizure three years ago.

Cox, who has now volunteered with the Bearville Volunteer Fire Department in northern Minnesota for six years, was able to get control of the situation before the ambulance arrived – and Bundy has always been appreciative for his hand in the incident.

Two years after her daughter’s seizure, Bundy ran into Cox at a charity event that he was bartending for a neighbor in October 2018.

WATCH: In Twist of Fate, NFL Star’s Organs Go to the Ailing Sports Hero Who Inspired Him

Though she was happy to be reunited with Cox, she was particularly struck by what he was wearing.

The 66-year-old bartender was wearing a tee shirt that read: “My Name is Bill. I’m in end stage KIDNEY FAILURE and in need of a KIDNEY.”

According to CNN, Cox was born with only one kidney. When it eventually went into failure, he was added to the transplant list in 2017. In January, he was forced to go onto dialysis.

LOOK: When Wife Needed Kidney, He Walked For Miles Holding a Sign – and He Just Found a Donor

In a desperate bid to find himself a kidney donor, he made two tee shirts emblazoned with his plea for help. Every day he went to work at the Viking Bar, he would wear one of the tee shirts.

Even though the shirts spurred several of his patrons to offer up their kidneys, none of them were a match – until Bundy walked in.

As Bundy talked to Cox about the shirt, she discovered that they had the same blood type and she immediately promised to get tested.

CHECK OUT: Watch Hospital Staff – From Janitors to Surgeons – Line Hallway to Honor Organ Donor in ‘Walk of Respect’

Sure enough, Bundy was a match.

Since they underwent a successful transplant in February, Cox has been enjoying a renewed sense of strength and energy. He also maintains a close friendship with Bundy to this day.

Prior to the surgery, he aptly expressed his gratitude to the Minnesota mom by carving a statue of an angel out of wood and painting it her favorite color.

“She’s my angel,” he told CNN. “She saved my life and I thought that would be an appropriate little gift for them.”

Pass On The Positivity By Sharing The Sweet Story With Your Friends On Social Media…People who experience anxiety symptoms might be helped by taking steps to regulate the microorganisms in their gut using probiotic and non-probiotic food and supplements, suggests a new review of studies

Anxiety symptoms are common in people with mental diseases and a variety of physical disorders, especially in disorders that are related to stress.

Previous studies have shown that as many as a third of people will be affected by anxiety symptoms during their lifetime.

Increasingly, research has indicated that gut microbiota – the trillions of microorganisms in the gut which perform important functions in the immune system and metabolism by providing essential inflammatory mediators, nutrients and vitamins – can help regulate brain function through something called the “gut-brain axis.”

RELATED: Suffering From Spring Allergies? Probiotics May Curb Your Symptoms

Recent research also suggests that mental disorders could be treated by regulating the intestinal microbiota – but there is no specific evidence to support this.

Therefore, a team of researchers from the Shanghai Mental Health Center at Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, set out to investigate if there was evidence to support improvement of anxiety symptoms by regulating intestinal microbiota.

They reviewed 21 studies that had looked at 1,503 people collectively and published their results today in the journal General Psychiatry.

Of the 21 studies, 14 had chosen probiotics as interventions to regulate intestinal microbiota (IRIFs), and seven chose non-probiotic ways, such as adjusting daily diets.

CHECK OUT: What You Never Learned About Fiber and Why It May Be Exactly What You Need for Stubborn Ailments

Probiotics are living organisms found naturally in some foods that are also known as “good” or “friendly” bacteria because they fight against harmful bacteria and prevent them from settling in the gut.

The researchers found that probiotic supplements in seven studies within their analysis contained only one kind of probiotic, two studies used a product that contained two kinds of probiotics, and the supplements used in the other five studies included at least three kinds.

Overall, 11 of the 21 studies showed a positive effect on anxiety symptoms by regulating intestinal microbiota, meaning that more than half (52%) of the studies showed this approach to be effective, although some studies that had used this approach did not find it worked.

Of the 14 studies that had used probiotics as the intervention, more than a third (36%) found them to be effective in reducing anxiety symptoms, while six of the remaining seven studies that had used non-probiotics as interventions found those to be effective – an 86% rate of effectiveness.

MORE: Blue Light Reduces Blood Pressure, Just as Effectively as Medication – UK Study

Some studies had used both the IRIF (interventions to regulate intestinal microbiota) approach and treatment as usual.

In the five studies that used treatment as usual and IRIF as interventions, only studies that had conducted non-probiotic ways got positive results, that showed a reduction in anxiety symptoms.

Non-probiotic interventions were also more effective in the studies that used IRIF alone. In those studies only using IRIF, 80% were effective when using non-probiotic interventions, while only 45% were found to be effective when using probiotic ways.

The authors say one reason that non-probiotic interventions were significantly more effective than probiotic interventions was possible due to the fact that changing diet (a diverse energy source) could have more of an impact on gut bacteria growth than introducing specific types of bacteria in a probiotic supplement.

RELATED: Want to Stop Eating Junk Food? New Research Says You Should Get More Sleep

Also, because some studies had involved introducing different types of probiotics, these could have fought against each other to work effectively, and many of the intervention times used might have been too short to significantly increase the abundance of the imported bacteria.

Most of the studies did not report serious adverse events, and only four studies reported mild adverse effects such as dry mouth and diarrhea.

This is an observational study, and as such, cannot establish cause. Indeed, the authors acknowledge some limitations, such as differences in study design, subjects, interventions and measurements, making the data unsuitable for further analysis.

CHECK OUT: Next Time You’re Feeling Stressed or Anxious, This Study Says You Should Play Tetris

Nevertheless, they say the overall quality of the 21 studies included was high.

The researchers conclude: “We find that more than half of the studies included showed it was positive to treat anxiety symptoms by regulation of intestinal microbiota.

“There are two kinds of interventions (probiotic and non-probiotic interventions) to regulate intestinal microbiota, and it should be highlighted that the non-probiotic interventions were more effective than the probiotic interventions. More studies are needed to clarify this conclusion since we still cannot run meta-analysis so far.”

They also suggest that, in addition to the use of psychiatric drugs for treatment, “we can also consider regulating intestinal flora to alleviate anxiety symptoms.”

Reprinted from BMJ Publishing Group

Be Sure And Share The Good News With Your Anxious Friends On Social Media – Photo by Curtis Clark, CCThis groundbreaking new project in Germany is testing the use of salt as an ingredient for a fossil fuel-free future.

The Reuter power plant in Berlin recently launched a new system of technology that is using calcium oxide, also known as quicklime, to store heat for long periods of time.

Germany already has the renewable energy capacity to power more than half of the country, but since many green energy sources are dependent on consistent weather conditions, the nation is forced to continue using fossil fuels as backup energy sources.

Quicklime, on the other hand, generates large amounts of heat when it is simply exposed to water.

LOOK: Origami-Inspired Solar Panel Could Start Generating Renewable Electricity From Your Window

The salt technology, which was developed by Swedish startup SaltX, works similarly to a battery except that it stores heat instead of electricity. Since more than half of Germany’s energy consumption is used on heating, the salt can be used to generate, store, and convert heat whenever the nation’s renewable energy sources fall short of the grid’s demands.

The technology is also far more efficient at storing heat compared to water storage systems that are notorious for gradually losing their heat over time.

The salt storage system is now being piloted by Vattenfall, the energy company managing the Berlin power plant. According to The Associated Press, the system is currently supplying heat to about 100 households, but if it proves to be successful, SaltX plans on scaling up the technology so that it can be used for thousands more German households – and eventually the world.

MORE: Germany Debuts First Overhead Power Lines for Keeping Electric Trucks Charged on the Highway

“In the next few months, we will collect important data to get answers to the question of whether and how this type of plant can be used in our business,” said Markus Witt, the manager of the new power plant project.

“Some questions are how large amounts of salt can be used, how quickly the storage medium reacts and how the process can be controlled.”

SaltX CEO Harald Bauer said: “We see a shift in the energy sector and an immense need for energy storage worldwide. We are eager to put SaltX Energy Storage solution on the market as soon as possible.”

(WATCH the video below)

Power Up With Positivity By Sharing The Good News With Your Friends On Social Media..This groundbreaking new initiative seeks to plant 100 million new trees around the world by 2022.

The Time for Trees campaign was recently launched by The Arbor Day Foundation, which is the largest US-based nonprofit dedicated towards planting trees.

“It can be easy to take trees for granted, but they are absolutely critical to maintaining balance on our planet—supporting clean air and water, healthy food and a livable climate,” Arbor Day Foundation President Dan Lambe said in a press release.

Once completed, the Time for Trees initiative – which is the foundation’s largest tree-planting undertaking yet – would have a multitude of benefits on the planet’s health and sustainability.

RELATED: NASA Happily Reports the Earth is Greener, With More Trees Than 20 Years Ago–and It’s Thanks to China, India

Collectively, 100 million trees would annually absorb 8 million tons of carbon – the equivalent of taking 6.2 million cars off the road for one year. The trees would also filter 15,850 tons of microscopic airborne particulate matter out of the air, which is enough to fill nine Olympic-sized swimming pools.

Additionally, the trees could intercept and filter 7.1 billion cubic meters of water runoff and remove 578,000 tons of chemical air pollution from our atmosphere.

The Arbor Day Foundation hopes to plant the trees in a wide range of ecosystems, particularly tropical rainforests, but they will also focus on towns and cities that have lost trees due to extreme weather disasters, diseases, and over-development.

MORE: People Have Passively Planted Over 30 Million Trees Simply by Surfing the Web

Though 100 million trees is an ambitious goal, the charity is now recruiting new Arbor Day Foundation members to receive 10 free trees to plant in their yards. The foundation hopes that this community-driven branch of the project will help to restore the earth’s forests and inspire people to make meaningful change in the world.

“By restoring tree loss around the world, we’re making a significant investment in our collective future—paving the way for the health and well-being of people in this and future generations,” said Arbor Day Foundation President Dan Lambe. “We cannot wait another day to take action—the time for trees is now.”

Plant Some Positivity By Sharing The Good News With Your Friends On Social Media – Photo by Time for TreesA casual trip to the local landfill has forever changed the life of a Greek man after he stumbled upon an injured dog hiding amongst the trash.

It has been six years since Theoklitos “Takis” Proestakis first felt spurred to visit the nearby garbage dump on the island of Crete.

As he was wandering through the piles of garbage, he found an injured, malnourished stray dog. He knew that he had to help the pup, so he brought it to a local veterinarian for medical attention.

WATCH: How a Former Teacher Beat the Mining Industry and Saved the Rare Snow Leopards

Once the dog was treated, Takis realized that he did not have room for the pup at his own home – so he brought the dog back to the dump and continued to bring it food every day.

During his regular visits to the dump, Takis came upon more and more injured and abandoned dogs. Luckily for them, Takis was more than happy to take the dogs under his wing and provide them with food and veterinary treatment.

After a year of regular visits to the dump, Takis was collectively taking care of about 70 dogs. Despite his fondness for the stray canines, however the locals did not share his affection, and they eventually threatened to poison the dogs if they were not removed from the dump.

Thankfully, Takis convinced them to give him 30 days to find the pups a new home. He then bought a 55-square-meter (592 square feet) patch of land near the dump to house the dogs and named it “Takis Shelter”.

Takis says that after spending 20 years of his life working in the nightclub industry, he has collectively poured over $185,000 of his own money into his new career of saving abandoned dogs.

MORE: Years After Dog Dies, Nurse Starts Collecting Pacemakers From Human Patients to Give to Pets in Need

Since creating a Facebook page for the nonprofit shelter, it has garnered hundreds of thousands of enthusiastic followers. The sanctuary has become so popular on social media, Takis says that it is now almost entirely run on donations from animal enthusiasts around the world.

Six years after his fateful encounter with the injured dog at the dump, Takis told CBS News that he has rescued over 1,000 dogs and he is now caring for 342 dogs – and he hopes to find loving homes for every single one of them.

(WATCH the video below or our international viewers can check out the footage on the CBS website)

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Almost 400 college seniors were given the surprise of a lifetime during their commencement ceremony earlier this week thanks to a massive donation from their keynote speaker.

Billionaire investor and philanthropist Robert F. Smith was just wrapping up his commencement speech to the graduating class of Morehouse College when he announced that he would be paying off the student debt of all 396 college seniors.

Morehouse is an all-men’s, historically black private college in Atlanta, Georgia with the average student debt ranging in the multi-thousand dollar range. A spokesperson for the school told 11Alive News that Smith’s donation would likely pay off about $40 million worth of debt between the graduating students.

WATCH: High School Performance of ‘Alien’ So Impressive, Sigourney Weaver Surprises Students at Second Show

While the students and audience members cheered over Smith’s announcement, he expressed his hope that the graduates would find their own way to pay it forward in the future.

“Now, I know my class will make sure they pay this forward,” said Smith. “I want my class to look at these [alumni] – these beautiful Morehouse brothers – and let’s make sure every class has the same opportunity going forward because we are enough to take care of our own community. We are enough to ensure we have all the opportunities of the American dream.”

Smith is the founder of Vista Equity Partners, an international investment firm with over $46 billion in software management. He is also the first and only African-American business leader to sign “The Giving Pledge”, a campaign to recruit the world’s billionaires into giving away half of their fortune to charity.

(WATCH the awe-inspiring announcement below) – Photo by Morehouse College

Be Sure And Share The Good News With Your Friends On Social Media…If you didn’t already have enough reason to eat your vegetables, this new study says that broccoli contains an amazing ingredient which could be the “Achilles’ heel” of cancer.

Broccoli is part of the cruciferous vegetable family, which includes cauliflower, cabbage, kale and Brussels sprouts.

And though many people don’t like their taste—and they may not be good for nursing moms—these vegetables contain a tiny but powerful molecule that deactivates the gene responsible for cancerous tumor growth, known as WWP1.

Study lead author Dr. Pier Paolo Pandolfi, director of the Cancer Centre and Cancer Research Institute at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, said the discovery could pave the way for new cancer treatment.

RELATED: Two Scottish Entrepreneurs Are Working to Replace Palm Oil With the Oil From Used Coffee Grounds

“The study’s really exciting,” Pandolfi told the Harvard Gazette. “I’ve been bombarded by journalists — because of the broccoli connection, let’s be honest. Forget what you think about the science, the fact that [we found] something that your grandma would say [is] good for you, it’s appealing.”

Pandolfi and his team suspected that a gene called PTEN could cause irregularities and defects in WWP1.

Upon testing their theory on cancer-prone mice and human cells, they discovered that WWP1 produces an enzyme that overpowers the tumor-suppressive activity of PTEN – but the scientists also found that there is a molecule found in cruciferous vegetables called indole-3-carbinol (I3C) that can reawaken the cancer-fighting properties of PTEN.

MORE: What You Never Learned About Fiber and Why It May Be Exactly What You Need for Stubborn Ailments

That being said, fellow study author Dr. Yu-Ru Lee emphasized that a person would have to eat nearly 6 pounds (2.7 kilograms) of uncooked Brussel sprouts every day in order to reap their anti-cancer benefits.

Regardless, Pandolfi told the Gazette says the discovery could be the key to unlocking “one of the most important tumor suppressors in the history of cancer genetics.”

WATCH: He Was Called Foolish for His Research; Now Documentary Tells How He Won Nobel Prize for ‘Cancer Cure’

“This pathway emerges not only as a regulator for tumor growth control, but also as an Achilles’ heel we can target with therapeutic options,” said Pandolfi. “These findings pave the way toward a long-sought tumor suppressor reactivation approach to cancer treatment.”

The team plans to continue their research to discover a more practical way to provide I3C to cancer patients and trigger tumor-suppressing properties in PTEN.

The study was published in the journal Science.

Serve Up The Fascinating Discovery To Your Friends By Sharing It To Social Media – File photo by Whologwhy, CCPharmaceutical company Gilead has announced that they will be providing their anti-HIV medication to over 200,000 uninsured Americans who are at risk of contracting the infection.

Every year for the next 11 years, the company will be donating over 2.4 million free bottles of Truvada PrEP to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for distribution amongst low-income and disadvantaged communities.

The medication donation, which is being called the “largest ever in the United States” is part of the company’s “national efforts to help prevent HIV and end the epidemic.”

“We are proud to partner with CDC to dramatically expand access to medication that can help prevent new HIV infections,” said Gregg Alton, Chief Patient Officer, Gilead Sciences.

RELATED: Hospitals Slam the Industry by Creating Their Own Nonprofit Drug Company, Hitting the Market in 2019

Truvada, which is “generally well tolerated”, is a combination of two drugs that interfere with an enzyme called reverse transcriptase that is used by HIV-infected cells to make new viruses. Since Truvada reduces their activity, it causes HIV-infected cells to slow down or stop producing new viruses.

Beyond the donation, Gilead’s commitment to combating the HIV/AIDS epidemic includes the COMPASS (COMmitment to Partnership in Addressing HIV/AIDS in Southern States) Initiative, which is a 10-year, $100 million commitment to address the HIV/AIDS epidemic in the South through capacity building, mental health and trauma-informed care, and awareness and anti-stigma education.

Prevent The Spread Of Negativity – Share The Big Pharma GOOD News With Friends – Photo by Jeffrey Beall, CCAmbient plant illumination could light the way for greener buildings

Collaboration between MIT architect and chemical engineer could be at the center of new sustainable infrastructure for buildings.

Written by Becky Ham

MIT News

These beautiful glowing plants may be a new source of lighting for the buildings of the future.

The light-emitting plants, which were first created by MIT researchers in 2017, are not genetically modified to produce light. Instead, they are infused with nanoparticles that turn the plant’s stored energy into light, similar to how fireflies glow.

“The transformation makes virtually any plant a sustainable, potentially revolutionary technology,” says Michael Strano, the Carbon P. Dubbs Professor of Chemical Engineering at MIT.

“It promises lighting independent of an electrical grid, with ‘batteries’ you never need to charge, and power lines that you never need to lay,” he added.

RELATED: Rooftop Panels of Tiny Plants Can Cleanse Polluted Air at 100 Times the Rate of a Single Tree

Strano and his colleagues envisioned the plants being designed around an infrastructure of sunlight harvesting, water transport, and soil collecting and composting systems – but the team quickly realized that they needed partners who could expand the concept and understand its challenges and potential as part of a future of sustainable energy. Strano then reached out to Sheila Kennedy, professor of architecture at MIT and principal at Kennedy and Violich Architecture, who is known for her work in clean energy infrastructure.

“The science was so new and emergent that it seemed like an interesting design challenge,” says Kennedy. “The work of this design needed to move to a different register, which went beyond the problem of how the plant nanobionics could be demonstrated in architecture. As a design team, we considered some fundamental questions, such as how to understand and express the idea of plant lighting as a living, biological technology and how to invite the public to imagine this new future with plants.”

“If we treat the development of the plant as we would just another light bulb, that’s the wrong way to go,” Strano adds.

MORE: Put These 5 Plants In Your Bedroom Window for a Better Night’s Sleep

For most of human history, Kennedy explains, natural processes from sunlight to waste composting were part of the essential infrastructure of buildings. But these processes have been excluded in modern thinking or hidden away, preventing people from coming face to face with the environmental costs of energy infrastructure made from toxic materials and powered by fossil fuels.

“People don’t question the impacts of our own mainstream electrical grid today. It’s very vulnerable, it’s very brittle, it’s so very wasteful and it’s also full of toxic material,” she says. “We don’t question this, but we need to.”

“Lighting right now consumes a vast portion of our energy demand, approaching close to 20% of our global energy consumption, generating two gigatons of carbon dioxide per year,” Strano adds. “Consider that the plants replace more than just the lamp on your desk. There’s an enormous energy footprint that could potentially be replaced by the light-emitting plant.”

MORE: Student Treks to Yellowstone and Finds Bacteria That Eats Pollution and ‘Breathes’ Electricity

In 2017, Kennedy and Strano were awarded a research grant which supports unconventional, ahead-of-the-curve, and often interdisciplinary research endeavors that are unlikely to be funded through traditional avenues, yet have the potential to lead to big breakthroughs.

Their first year of the grant-funded research yielded several generations of the light-emitting watercress plants, which shine longer and brighter than the first experimental versions. The team is now evaluating a new component to the nanobiotic plants that they call light capacitor particles.

The capacitor, in the form of infused nanoparticles in the plant, stores spikes in light generation and “bleeds them out over time,” Strano explains. “Normally the light created in the biochemical reaction can be bright but fades quickly over time. Capacitive particles extend the duration of the generated plant light from hours to potentially days and weeks.”

CHECK OUT: After Success of First 3D-Printed Home in US, 50 More Homes Are Being Built for Poor Families

The researchers have added to their original patent on the light-emitting plant concept, filing a new patent on the capacitor and other components as well, Strano says.

As the nanobionic plant technology has advanced, the team is also envisioning how people might interact with the plants as part of everyday life. The architectural possibilities of their light-emitting plant will be on display within a new installation, “Plant Properties, a Future Urban Development,” at the Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum in New York opening May 10.

Visitors to the installation, part of the 2019 “Nature—Cooper Hewitt Design Triennial” exhibition, can peek into a scaled architectural model of a New York City tenement building — which also serves as a plant incubator — to see the plants at work. The installation also demonstrates a roadmap for how an existing residential building could be adapted and transformed by design to support the natural growth of plants in a future when available energy could be very limited.

MORE: Origami-Inspired Solar Panel Could Start Generating Renewable Electricity From Your Window

“In ‘Plant Properties’, the nanobionic plant-based infrastructure is designed to use nature’s own resources,” says Kennedy. “The building harvests and transports sunlight, collects and recycles water, and enriches soil with compost.”

The invitation to contribute to the Cooper Hewitt exhibition offered an unexpected way to demonstrate the plants’ possibilities, but designing an exhibit brought about a whole new set of challenges, Kennedy explains. “In the world of design museums, you’re usually asked to show something that’s already been exhibited, but this is new work and a new milestone in this project.”

“We learned a lot about the care of plants,” Strano adds. “It’s one thing to make a laboratory demonstration, but it’s another entirely to make 33 continuous weeks of a public demonstration.”

RELATED: We May Soon Be Able to Build Houses Out of the Byproducts From Our Bathroom Breaks

The researchers had to come up with a way to showcase the plants in a low-light museum environment where dirt and insects attracted by living plants are usually banished. “But rather than seeing this as a sort of insurmountable obstacle,” says Kennedy, “we realized that this kind of situation — how do you enable living plants to thrive in the enclosed setting of a museum — exactly paralleled the architectural problem of how to support significant quantities of plants growing inside buildings.”

In the installation, multiple peepholes into the building model offer glimpses into the ways people in the building are living with the plants. Museum visitors are encouraged to join the experiment and crowdsource information on plant growth and brightness, by uploading their own photos of the plants to Instagram and tagging the MIT Plant Nanobiotics lab.

The team is also collecting data on how the plants respond to the nanoparticles and other potential stresses. “The plants are actually under more stress from being in the museum environment than from the modifications that we introduce, but these effects need to be studied and mitigated if we are to use plants for indoor lighting,” Strano notes.

Kennedy and Strano say the plants could be at the center of a new — but also “pre-eclectic” — idea in architecture.

MORE: People Have Passively Planted Over 30 Million Trees Simply by Surfing the Web

The team is continuing to work on new ways to infuse the nanoparticles in the plants, so that they work over the lifetime of the plant, as well as experimenting on larger plants such as trees. But for the plants to thrive, architects will have to develop building infrastructure that integrates the plants into a new internal ecosystem of sunlight, water and waste disposal, Kennedy says.

“If plants are to provide people with light, we need to keep plants healthy to benefit from everything they provide for us,” she says. “We think this is going to trigger a much more caring or nurturing relationship of people and their plants, or plants and the people that they illuminate.”

Reprinted with permission of MIT News

Plant Some Positivity By Sharing The Fascinating News To Social Media…Social media users are praising a young delivery worker for coming to the rescue of an elderly man struggling to cross a busy street this week.

The senior had slowly been making his way through a busy intersection in Singapore when the traffic light turned green.

Thankfully, a nearby DHL driver saw that the man had only made it halfway across the road, and he immediately pulled his van over to the side of the road and rushed to the old man’s side.

RELATED: When Woman Shares Photo of Anonymous Gift Found in a Book, It Sparks Chain of Good Deeds

At first, the driver can be seen trying to help the man use his walker – but when they failed to make much progress, the driver simply gave the older man a piggyback ride to the other side of the street.

The sweet moment was captured on video by Hambali Leonardi as he was watching the event unfold from his car.

In addition to the DHL driver being hailed as a “hero” and “employee of the year”, social media viewers are also offering to give him money as a reward for his good deed.

(WATCH the video below)

Be Sure And Pass On This Sweet Story Of Kindness To Your Friends On Social Media…This teen’s journey towards a healthier lifestyle is a prime example of how anyone can make a change if they set their mind to it.

When Michael Watson was in his sophomore year at McKinley High School in Canton, Ohio, he was bullied for being overweight. The teen stood at 6-foot-4-inches, he weighed 335 pounds, and he says he had zero self-confidence.

After realizing that he had had enough, Michael resolved to make a change.

LOOK: Role Model Dad Spurred to Lose 92 Pounds in 5 Months After One Hiking Trip With His Kids

As a means of getting healthier, Michael started walking the 20-minute distance to and from his school every day, rain or shine. Even if it was pouring rain, the youngster would refuse to hitch a ride.

Additionally, Michael made a point to eat healthier, which he says was difficult since he worked at a fast food restaurant after school.

It has been a little over two years since Michael started walking to school – and he is now almost totally unrecognizable.

Michael is now 18 years old, 115 pounds lighter, and brimming with confidence.

MORE: 86-Year-old Has Lost 120 Pounds Simply By Walking Around Her One-Bedroom Apartment

Michael’s high school counselors and administrators are so proud of the youngster’s transformation, they launched a senior spotlight segment on their Facebook page in order to highlight the achievements of their students.

“It’s an example of courageous personal development that’s rare for a high school student,” school graduation coach Terrance Jones told CNN. “Mike’s decision … to live a healthier lifestyle and to stay consistent with it will always stay with me.”

As for Michael, he is preparing to graduate next month and pursue his dreams of being an actor. He also hopes that his story will inspire other people to take control of their own lives.

“Every day is a new day,” he told CNN. “Anybody can do it if they put their mind to it.”

Be Sure And Share The Inspiring Story Of Transformation With Your Friends On Social Media…When a mother fox got hit by a car back in March, a young English farmer stopped to make sure she was okay – and even though she did not survive the collision, her pups are alive and thriving thanks to his quick actions.

24-year-old Chris Rolfe had been driving back to his home in Haywards Heath, West Sussex when he saw the vixen get hit by a passing car.

He immediately pulled over to the side of the road so he could check on the fox.

Unfortunately, the mother was killed on impact – but then Chris noticed movement in her stomach.

Based on his experiences with farm animals, Chris knew the fox was pregnant with cubs. He immediately performed an emergency C-section on the dead vixen so he could pull out all four of her unborn cubs.

After he rescued the cubs, Chris brought them to his mother Jean.

WATCH: Willie Nelson Has Rescued 70 Horses Destined for the Slaughterhouse, So They Can Roam Free On His Farm

In addition to being the artistic mastermind behind Wild By Nature Photography, Jean has also cared for a number of baby hedgehogs, rabbits, foxes, and other young critters.

The mother-son duo cleaned up the cubs, swaddled them in blankets to keep them warm, and then began feeding them puppy milk every twenty minutes.

Thanks to Chris’s intervention and Jean’s constant care, the four fox cubs are healthy and almost fully-grown.

“Chris wasn’t expecting them to survive, but he wanted to try,” Jean told BBC. “It’s miraculous they did.”

The foxes, which were named Ginger, Biscuit, Little-Tip, and Big-tip, have garnered their fair share of social media fame since Jean began posting photos of their adorable antics to her photography Facebook page.

The cubs just reached 7 weeks old, and though Jean says she will be sad to see them go, she eventually plans on handing the foxes over to The Fox Project, a charity that has rescued and rehabilitated over 900 foxes.

The foxes will be given to the nonprofit once they reach 10 weeks of age at the end of May. After that, the cute critters will be properly reintroduced into the wild.

(WATCH the video below)

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Rescue Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Scientists have managed to develop a miracle superglue that can heal a potentially fatal wounds in seconds.

The powerful bio-gel has the capacity to prevent heart patients from bleeding out on operating tables; dramatically reduce patient recovery time; and save the lives of those injured in warzones and serious accidents.

When activated by UV (ultraviolet) light, the “bio-glue” immediately forms a complete seal, even on wet tissue, without the need for staples or stitches.

In experiments, researchers managed to close up incisions and holes up to 6 millimeters wide in the blood vessels and organs of pigs – all in just 20 seconds.

LOOK: Girl Born With Backwards Legs Walks for the First Time Thanks to Strangers Funding ‘Miracle’ Surgery

Afterwards, three of the pigs were monitored for a two-week period and they all made a full recovery with no abnormalities or side effects.

Corresponding author Professor Hongwei Ouyang hopes that the gel, which is described in Nature Communications, will be available for human use sometime in the next three to five years.

Until now, medical glue has not proved strong enough to withstand the forces inside the pumping chambers of hearts or major blood vessels.

RELATED: Success of Advanced-Stage Parkinson’s Treatment is ‘Beyond Researcher’s Wildest Dreams’

“Uncontrollable bleeding is a major problem in surgical procedures and after major trauma,” explained Ouyang, an expert in regenerative therapy at Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, China.

“Existing clotting substances poorly control hemorrhaging from traumatic arterial and cardiac wounds because of their weak adhesion to wet and mobile tissues.”

The new bio-gel, however, contains water, gelatin, and a cocktail of chemicals that is injected into the injured tissue. These components help to mimic the support structure of cells called the “extracellular matrix”, a complex composition of proteins and other molecules. When exposed to UV light, the glue sets rapidly.

MORE: Years After She Smells Parkinson’s Disease on Her Husband, Woman is Now Paving the Way for Early Detection Test

“Upon UV irradiation, organic compounds at the tissue-hydrogel interface react with amino groups of the tissue proteins, forming strong bonds,” says Ouyang. “The triggered hydrogel is like rubber. We can even say it is like a connective tissue.

“The components and mechanical properties of the hydrogel mimic those of human soft tissues.”

Gel-based solutions require both strong adhesion to the wet tissue and the strength to resist high blood pressure and the movement of a beating heart – but very few non-toxic materials meet these criteria, says Ouyang.

LOOK: In ‘World First’ Blind People Have Their Vision Restored Thanks to Stem Cells From Deceased Organ Donors

“This hydrogel can undergo rapid setting to adhere and seal bleeding arteries and cardiac walls after UV light irradiation. These repairs can withstand up to 290mmHg blood pressure, significantly higher than blood pressures in most clinical settings.

“Most importantly, the hydrogel can stop high pressure bleeding from pig carotid arteries with 4 to 5mm long incision wounds and from pig hearts with 6mm diameter cardiac penetration holes.

“Treated pigs survived after treatment with this hydrogel, which is well-tolerated and appears to offer significant clinical advantage as a traumatic wound sealant,” added Ouyang. “It is the first time high-pressure bleeding of beating heart with 6mm diameter cardiac penetration holes were rapidly stopped.”

RELATED: Bedside Bioprinter May Soon Use Burn Patients’ Cells to Print Out New Skin Directly on Wounds

Ouyang goes on to say that the potential applications for the gel are limitless – from surgery to the battlefield or civilian catastrophes, either accidental or deliberate.

“It can be easily applied in any condition and can stop any serious bleeding which current medical gel products cannot stop.”

Further studies are now being planned to confirm the safety of the glue in humans.

“The next step is to finish the pre-clinical data and get official approval for a clinical trial,” says Ouyang.

(WATCH the superglue in action below)

Be Sure And Share The Exciting News With Your Friends On Social Media…A new smartphone app is able to sound out possible ear infections in children.

Scientists developed the app using a “user-friendly” method that can quickly detect the presence of fluid in the middle ear – a likely indicator of ear infections.

Researchers say that the new system, which was tested on 98 young patients in a pediatric surgical centre, could provide a “low-cost and effective” tool for parents to detect ear infections such as acute otitis media (AOM), a leading cause of visits to doctors.

Some cases of AOM can lead to severe complications such as meningitis, while other pediatric ear conditions (such as otitis media with effusion) are associated with delays in speech and poorer school performance.

RELATED: Answering Trivia Questions With This App Can Pay Off Other People’s Student Loans

These conditions are hard to diagnose because symptoms are vague: Children might tug on their ears or have fevers, or be asymptomatic. Young children may be unable to describe where they hurt.

Researchers say that detecting middle ear fluid is a “critical” need in pediatric medicine – but existing tests, such as tympanometry, either can’t be performed at home or they require expensive equipment.

To overcome the hurdles, Dr. Justin Chan and colleagues at the University of Washington School of Medicine created a system that uses a commercial smartphone’s existing speakers and microphones to send audible “chirps” of sound into the ear canal so it can analyze the reflected acoustic signals and predict middle ear status.

MORE: This Kindness App Pairs People With Problems to Neighbors Who Have the Specific Solution

A deeper pitch in the sound indicates that the middle ear is filled with fluid. When no fluid is present, the eardrum vibrates and sends a variety of sound waves back.

“It’s like tapping a wine glass,” said Chan, a doctoral student in the Allen School. “Depending on how much liquid is in it, you get different sounds. Using machine learning on these sounds, we can detect the presence of liquid.

“The system requires no additional equipment beyond a small paper funnel to focus the sound, which can be constructed from printer paper, scissors and tape in under three minutes,” said Chan.

CHECK OUT: Most People Don’t Get Enough Vitamin D, But This App Can Fix That

The researchers tested the system using an iPhone 5S and a Galaxy S6 on the ears of 98 patients between the ages of 18 months and 17 years. They found that the platform detected middle ear fluid with 85% to 90% efficiency depending on the age group.

Collectively, this means that the app could diagnose ear infections with about the same amount of success as established diagnostic techniques.

“Importantly, parents of patients operated the system as easily as physicians in a separate experiment involving 25 patient ears, and the software was not substantially affected by background noise such as the sound of a crying child,” said Chan.

MORE: Because His AirBnb Guest Had a Heart Attack, Man’s Ingenuity is Now Saving Thousands of Lives

The team also tested the algorithm on a variety of smartphones and used different types of paper to make the funnel. The results were consistent regardless of phone or paper type.

The researchers now plan on commercializing this technology through a spinout company, Edus Health, and then making the app available to the public.

“Fluid behind the eardrum is so common in children that there’s a direct need for an accessible and accurate screening tool that can be used at home or clinical settings,” said co-first author Dr. Sharat Raju, a surgical resident in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery at the UW School of Medicine.

“If parents could use a piece of hardware they already have to do a quick physical exam that can say ‘Your child most likely doesn’t have ear fluid’ or ‘Your child likely has ear fluid, you should make an appointment with your pediatrician,’ that would be huge.”

The findings were published in the journal Science Translational Medicine.

Make Sure Your Friends Have Heard About The Good News By Sharing It To Social Media – Photo by Dennis Wise / University of WashingtonDespite their village being in lockdown following community clashes earlier this week, a Muslim cab driver came to the rescue of a Hindu woman in childbirth.

A strict police curfew has been effect in Southern Assam’s Hailakandi since local riots damaged a number of properties and left a dozen people injured.

Rubon Das and his wife Nandita were at home in Rajyeshwarpur Part I village when she went into labor. Rubon called for an ambulance, but no driver was willing to risk breaking the curfew.

As Nandita’s labor pains worsened, Rubon continued calling neighbors and ride services in hopes of finding someone who could drive them to the hospital 10 kilometers (6 miles) away.

LOOK: When Fire Leaves 500 Muslims Without Place of Worship, Synagogue Opens Their Doors

Thankfully, 32-year-old cab driver Maqbool Hussain Laskar heard about the couple’s predicament through a mutual acquaintance. Even though he was tempting fate by breaking the curfew, he immediately drove over to Rubon’s house and helped them into his car before taking them to the hospital.

The New Indian Express says that hospital staffers were apparently “surprised to see them given the volatile situation,” but they quickly took Nandita into care.

Shortly after they arrived at the hospital, she gave birth to a healthy baby boy who she has named “Shanti” – a name which denotes peace prevailing over conflict.

MORE: Muslims Take Out Full-Page Newspaper Ad to Denounce Anti-Semitism Against “Our Jewish Sisters and Brothers”

The young Hindu couple say that they are indebted to the compassionate cab driver for putting his own life at risk in order to help them during their time of need.

“I have no words to express my gratitude to him. The worst was possibly in store but God sent him to us,” Rubon told TNIE.

According to the Times of India, Hailakandi deputy commissioner Keethi Jalli also visited Laskar and the family shortly after the incident took place so she could “congratulate Laskar for his valor” and express hope that it would inspire “other such examples of Hindu-Muslim unity.”

Be Sure And Share This Inspiring Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Giant pandas will soon have a gigantic new nature reserve to call their own and ensure the future of their species.

The Chinese government is preparing to designate a massive swath of wilderness as the Giant Panda Nature Reserve.

The park is set to span 10,476 square miles – which is almost three times the size of Yellowstone National Park. With plans for the park set to be finalized in the fall, the park has already secured over $1.5 billion in funding from the state-owned Bank of China.

Officials estimate that the park will be under construction until 2023. Once finished, the reserve is also expected to boost local economies and help alleviate poverty for the 170,000 people living within the designated territory, according to the Associated Press.

LOOK: With Only 147 of World’s Fattest Parrots Left, This Year’s Baby Boom Has Left Researchers Positively Squawking

Collectively, the park will connect 67 different nature reserves and protected areas, most of which are located in the Sichuan Province.

The region is already home to 80% of wild pandas and a variety of other endangered species. Much to the relief of conservationists, the giant panda species was reclassified from “endangered” to “threatened” in 2016.

Giant panda populations have steadily been increasing since their numbers dwindled to dangerous levels in the 1980s. Now, wildlife experts say that the creation of the Giant Panda Nature Reserve will enable conservationists to keep a close eye on the species and prevent additional harm from coming to the pandas – especially from climate change.

Protect Your Friends From Negativity By Sharing The Good News To Social Media – Photo by Chi King, CCThis quick-thinking bus driver may have accidentally revealed herself to be a guardian angel in disguise after she saved a student from almost certain disaster.

Samantha Call has been a bus driver for the Norwich City School District of New York for the last six years, and her training came in handy last month as she was driving along her usual morning route.

Security footage shows Call stopping the bus to let a young boy exit – but just before the boy is about to rush out the doors, Call grabs the hood of his jacket at the same moment a car can be seen whizzing past the bus.

RELATED: 19-Year-old Construction Worker Uses Crane to Rescue Over a Dozen People From Apartment Fire

If Call had not intervened as quickly as she did, the boy would have most likely been hit by the car.

“Samantha did an outstanding job,” NCSD Transportation Supervisor William Loomis said. “All of our drivers undergo continuous training so they’re prepared to handle situations like this. We hope this video helps everyone to realize the dangers of passing a stopped school bus.”

Since the school district posted footage of the incident to Facebook, it has been viewed almost one million times – and school representatives hope that the video will help people to understand the importance of school bus safety regulation.

(WATCH the video below)

Be Sure And Share The Stunning Rescue Footage With Your Friends On Social Media…Savannah Allen has always been aware that she suffers from colorblindness – but when she was recently told that her impairment could keep her from achieving her dreams, she was devastated.

The 22-year-old student has spent the last two years studying to be a dental hygienist at the University of Cincinnati Blue Ash College.

Ever since she was a little girl, Allen knew she wanted to work in healthcare – and after she began working with patients through the university’s Dental Hygiene Clinic, it seemed that her dream was going to come true.

But when Allen’s instructor realized that the young student could not differentiate between the color of plaque and gum tissue, there was a strong chance that Allen would have to give up her academic career.

WATCH: High School Performance of ‘Alien’ So Impressive, Sigourney Weaver Surprises Students at Second Show

Heartbroken by her predicament, four of Allen’s friends created a GoFundMe page to raise money for a pair of EnChroma colorblind corrective glasses.

Every single one of the 40 students in their dental program donated to the campaign until the page had successfully reached its $400 goal.

When Allen’s classmates surprised her with the glasses, she could barely contain her emotions.

Not only was Allen able to see color for the first time in her life, she was also able to continue with the dental program.

“It literally took my breath away. I haven’t seen color in 21 years; it was overwhelming,” said Allen.

“That they would do something like this for me is amazing,” she said of her friends. “The glasses have improved my quality of life 100 percent!”

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photo by Michele Cartuyvelles

Help Your Friends See The Good News By Sharing It To Social Media…Despite spending the last seven years cooped up inside of an animal shelter, this sweet pup has finally been given a loving home thanks to a fateful encounter with a woman living on the other side of the country.

Brad the Australian cattle dog mix had been at the Oahu SPCA shelter in Hawaii for so long, the staffers were worried that he would be there forever.

He had been adopted several times before, but he was always brought back to the shelter once the people realized that they didn’t have the space to accommodate his boundless energy and nervous barking.

Brad finally experienced a stroke of luck earlier last year when Hannah, a young woman from Michigan, stopped by the shelter during a visit to Hawaii with her boyfriend.

WATCH: Dog Chained Up For 15 Years is Finally Freed

“While on a tour of the facility, she noticed a sad and rather plump boy (our Brad!)” wrote the shelter. “She asked if she could spend some time with him and that’s all it took – Hannah instantly fell in love with his sweet face!

“After hearing his story about how he has been with us for over 7 years and has been adopted out and returned a few times, she decided she couldn’t let him live at the shelter any longer.”

Hannah resolved to bring Brad all the way back to her farm in Michigan where he could have plenty of room to play and roam. Though she and her boyfriend offered to pay the transportation fees, the shelter started a GoFundMe page to raise money for the Brad’s airfare and travel expenses.

LOOK: This Dog’s Adoration for His Food Bowl Got Him Adopted Just in the Nick of Time

Within days, the page reached its goal.

“While it makes his Oahu Ohana so sad to see him leave us, it also makes us SO HAPPY!” wrote the shelter.

“Their family owns a cabin in northern Michigan where Brad will spend his weekends hiking in the forest and chasing squirrels. Hannah knows of all Brad’s quirks and is fully prepared to do whatever it takes for him to have a happy and enjoyable life with them!”

Be Sure And Share The Pawesome Story With Your Friends On Social Media – Photo by Oahu SPCAWhen this 2-year-old pup got herself stranded in the chilly waters of New York’s East River, a heroic man abandoned his own birthday party so he could swim to her rescue.

The incident took place last week in Brooklyn when Harper the dog was out on a stroll with her petsitter.

As they were walking down the street, the petsitter was suddenly hit by a taxi that had run through a stop sign. Though the petsitter only sustained minor injuries, Harper took off in a panic and charged into the river.

Meanwhile, Gabe Castellanos had been celebrating his birthday with some friends on the Brooklyn Barge when they saw the dog in the water. Since it was a warm day, the group assumed that the dog was simply going for a swim while its owner watched from the shore.

RELATED: 19-Year-old Construction Worker Uses Crane to Rescue Over a Dozen People From Apartment Fire

As the dog swam farther and farther away from the pier, however, the dogwalker suddenly approached the group and said that Harper had run away.

Castellanos noticed that Harper was quickly losing steam and he knew that he had to do something; luckily, Castellanos is a graduate from the SUNY Maritime College.

Using his maritime experience, Castellanos grabbed a nearby lifejacket, stripped down to his underwear, climbed out to a safe part of the pier, and plunged into the water.

MORE: Watch Bus Driver Intervene When Dog Was in the Hands of Dubious Stranger Claiming to Be Its Owner

With dozens of pedestrians cheering him on from the shoreline and a police helicopter flying overhead, Castellanos swam out to Harper. She had already been paddling for over ten minutes, and when she caught sight of Castellanos heading towards her, she started to swim even more determinedly.

Castellanos eventually managed to catch up to her and start steering her back towards land – but unfortunately, since Harper was so panicked by the experience, she bit Castellanos on the hand and face, chipping his tooth in the process.

Unfazed by the attack, Castellanos continued guiding her back to the shore until she was finally reunited with her emotional petsitter.

LOOK: Five Days After Disappearing, Dog is Finally Found and Rescued From Underground Rabbit Hole

Even though Harper’s attack forced Castellanos to get a temporary fake front tooth, he later expressed his sympathy for the dog and said there were no hard feelings between them.

“I was like, ‘Aw it’s alright, I needed teeth work anyway,’” he told Inside Edition.

Harper’s owner has expressed her bottomless gratitude for Castellanos’s actions and she says she hopes to throw him another birthday party as a thank you for the rescue.

(WATCH the video below)

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Rescue Story With Your Friends On Social Media…An English inventor has designed an ingenious little device that can act as a lifeline for exhausted honeybees – and you can keep it tucked right next to your credit card.

40-year-old Dan Harris designed the Bee Savior Cards in order to ensure that anyone can save hungry honeybees this summer simply by using the contents of their wallet.

The cards hold three different stashes of sugar solution which can be used as a life-saving snack for pollinators.

Since bees have such a speedy metabolism, they will often starve if they are unable to find flowers or nectar within forty minutes of their last meal.

RELATED: Mathematician Reports Breakthrough on Non-Toxic Pest Control Which Doesn’t Harm Bees

If you have ever seen a bee crawling around on the sidewalk, there is a good chance that it was unsuccessfully searching for food – but now if you happen to be carrying a Bee Savior Card, you can simply peel back the foil on one of the formula stashes and offer it up as a quick energy boost.

That being said, ecologists caution that people should be careful of how they handle exhausted bees. Pedestrians should refrain from feeding stationary honeybees in late summer, as they are usually worker bees that have been banished from their hive, and feeding them may only prolong their struggle.

Additionally, since sugar solutions are devoid of essential proteins, people are encouraged to try and revive hungry pollinators by moving them onto a flower.

MORE: Over 1 Million Gardeners Have United to Create Global Network of Greenery That Nourishes Bees and Butterflies

The cards, on the other hand, are designed to be used by people in warm urban areas where there may not be as much greenery or foliage. The cards can also be used if the flowers have already been drained by other pollinators.

“When we heard about bees getting so exhausted so quickly, the fact that we can revive them with sugar solution just struck us as a really great opportunity to connect with nature – especially in a city,” Harris told BBC.

Although Harris successfully crowdfunded the production of his cards in just 36 hours, the campaign is now raising additional funds to buy new manufacturing equipment. He hopes to sell the refillable cards online for £4 ($5.15) apiece starting in June.

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Savior Bees

Be Sure And Share The Buzz With Your Friends On Social Media…Shaquille O’Neal has just made a new fan for life in a teenager who has been struggling to find shoes that fit his feet.

Zach Keith may only be 13 years old, but the young basketball player already has size 18 feet.

His mother has been unable to afford new extra-large sneakers for her son – but luckily, O’Neal heard about the family’s dilemma and was inspired to help.

Since O’Neal famously wears a size 23, he could empathize with Zach’s struggle for fitted footwear. The retired NBA legend faced the same predicament when he was just an 18-year-old college student searching for size 18 penny loafers to wear to his high school prom.

WATCH: High School Performance of ‘Alien’ So Impressive, Sigourney Weaver Surprises Students at Second Show

Bruce Teilhaber, who is the owner of Friedman’s Shoes in Atlanta, Georgia, gave O’Neal a free pair of shoes for prom – and O’Neal has been shopping at the shoe store ever since.

O’Neal has never forgotten that act of kindness from his childhood; so as a means of paying it forward, he invited Zach and his mother to Friedman’s Shoes and bought the teenager 10 new pairs of different shoes.

“I thought this was a good thing to do,” O’Neal told CBS News. “Kid plays basketball, and Bruce did it for me, and I just want to return the favor.”

(WATCH the video below or our international viewers can watch the footage on the CBS website) – Photo by CBS News

Score Big With Your Friends By Sharing The Sweet Story To Social Media…Today is MOTH Monday on Good News Network: In partnership with The Moth, a nonprofit dedicated to the art of storytelling, we bring you the most uplifting speakers from live stages across the world.

When Chris Rasheed first started coaching his high school basketball team, he had no experience with coaching the players – and to put it simply, the team “sucked”.

Every time the team played, they lost by a few dozen points, and the players often expressed their disappointment by bullying their optimistic waterboy.

Despite being bullied, the waterboy never gave up on trying to rally the team’s spirits, so Rasheed recruited the youngster onto the team.

During one particularly bad game, Rasheed’s players were reluctant to even step onto the court – so imagine their surprise when they were saved by none other than their former waterboy.

Listen to his inspiring story below…

The Moth gives people an opportunity to tell a true story in front of a live audience, and sometimes their stories are chosen to air on the radio show, now celebrating its tenth year, and broadcasting on 485+ public radio stations—and on The Moth podcast, which is downloaded over 52 million times a year.

The Moth’s third book, Occasional Magic: True Stories About Defying the Impossible is now available for purchase through your favorite booksellers.

Score Big With Your Friends By Sharing This Story To Social Media…The world’s biggest dairy exporter just rearranged their entire district work schedule solely so their biggest fan could get to bed on time.

Andrew Oliver is only one of eight people in the world living with Fryns-Aftimos syndrome. He is also the only person in New Zealand living with the condition.

Though he is 35 years old, the genetic mutation means that Oliver has the mental maturity of a 6-year-old. Additionally, he suffers from five forms of epilepsy and a variety of other symptoms.

Andrew, who lives and works with his parents on a dairy farm in the Te Rapa district of Hamilton, also has to abide by a specific nightly routine. Every evening for the last 15 years, Andrew ate dinner, took a bath, and then waited to greet the milk truck that would drain their milk tanks every night.

RELATED: With School District Struggling Against $77,000 in Student Lunch Debt, Chobani CEO Offers to Lend a Hand

Unfortunately, the milk tanker would not arrive until the wee hours of the night, and Andrew could not go to bed until the tanker arrived. Since Andrew’s father Ken has to wake up at sunrise in order to manage the dairy farm, the family struggled to manage their sleep schedule.

When Ken’s wife suffered a stroke, he couldn’t endure the late nights any longer – so he called Fonterra, the dairy company that picks up their milk, and told the customer service representative about his predicament.

“Surviving on three or four hours sleep, I’d just run out. I’d hit the wall and so I phoned the call center and actually started crying on the phone, I was just so shot,” Ken told RNZ. “I just said look, my life has just become impossible and just explained what was going on. I need sleep and I can’t get sleep until this boy’s in bed.”

MORE: When 7-Foot-Tall ‘Gentle Giant’ With Autism Outgrows His Swing Set, Handyman Steps in for Free

Upon hearing about the family’s dilemma, the company then rearranged the tanker routes and schedule of the entire district so that the Oliver family was guaranteed pickup between 6:30 and 8PM.

“A big outfit like Fonterra doesn’t have to do that,” Ken added. “They simply could’ve ignored the request but no, they came through. And we’re very grateful.”

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photo by RNZ

Deliver This Good News Story To Your Friends By Sharing It To Social Media…Though the world has been in mourning for the roof of the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, several architects have come forward with designs to breathe new life into the building.

Last month, French legislators announced that they would be holding an international design competition for how the beloved cathedral ought to be reconstructed.

French architectural firm Vincent Callebaut recently released their own ideas for the cathedral’s reconstruction – and news outlets are marveling over the eco-friendly new designs.

RELATED: IKEA Releases Free Design For Garden Sphere That Feeds a Neighborhood

The Palingenesis roofing design, which means “rebirth” or “regeneration” in Greek, features a massive stain-glassed spire and greenhouse system which would generate clean energy for the cathedral.

“Through energetic solidarity with the body of the historic monument, the contemporary, three-dimensional Gothic stained glass graft produces all the electricity, heat and passive ventilation that the cathedral might require, by combining passive systems and advanced renewable energies,” the firm said in a press release.

“The new wooden frame is covered with a three-dimensional crystal glass dress subdivided into faceted diamond-shaped elements. These crystals consist of an organic active layer, made of carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen and oxygen, which absorbs light and transforms it into power. This energy, stored in hydrogen fuel cells, will be directly redistributed throughout the cathedral.”

“To avoid any greenhouse effect, these crystalline scales open at the bottom of the frame along the acroterion of the nave and transept, creating a natural air flow towards the top of the spire which mimics a wind powered chimney.”

Furthermore, the roof could support a new fruit and produce garden which could be managed by cathedral staffers or charity workers.

“Up to 21 tons of fruits and vegetables could be harvested and directly redistributed for free each year,” said the firm. “To that end, a farmers’ market would be held every week on the forecourt of Notre Dame.”

LOOK: Trees Growing Out of Buildings Could Help Heal China’s Air Pollution Problem

Despite the obvious innovation behind their blueprints, Callebaut is not the only firm which has taken an eco-friendly approach to their designs.

Representatives from Summum Architecture told Fast Company that they hope to reconstruct the roof as a sanctuary for endangered birds and insects which would be closed off from the public. Studio Nab, on the other hand, wants to build a greenhouse that would house beehives as an homage to the 180,000 honeybees that survived the Notre Dame fire. The pollinator sanctuary would also serve as an educational center to the public.

Meanwhile, Dutch architectural firm Studio Drift has proposed to build a spire and rooftop made entirely out of recycled ocean plastic.

Regardless of the competition, Callebaut says that it believes its design is best suited for adapting the ancient building into a more useful city landmark.

“We advocate for an exemplary project in ecological engineering that feels true to its time and avoids a pastiche architecture that turns the city into an open-air museum,” said Callebaut. “Circular economy, renewable energies, inclusive social innovation, urban agriculture, protection of biodiversity, without forgetting beauty and spiritual elevation: our reconstruction project feeds on such values to deliver a deep, conscious meaning.”

Build Up Some Positivity By Sharing The Good News With Your Friends On Social Media…Homeless families struggling to make ends meet are usually more concerned about providing food and shelter for their children – and that’s why this organization is working to take care of the little things along the way.

Alice’s Kids is a nonprofit that grants the smaller wishes and requests of homeless children and kids in need.

RELATED: Rather Than Hiding Treasures in a Trophy Room, NBA Legend is ‘Selling It All’ for Underprivileged Kids

Sometimes it’s giving a new trumpet to a struggling music student; other times, it’s buying new shoes for a young athlete living in poverty – or it’s simply providing prom tickets, a bike lock, or new glasses to disadvantaged teenagers.

Regardless of the gift, the organization has found that fulfilling these small requests has a huge impact on the child’s self-esteem and happiness.

Today we made it possible for the daughter of her furloughed janitor mother to get new track shoes. We expect more requests like these very soon. — Alice's Kids (@alicewillhelp) January 8, 2019

The organization was founded by Ron Fitzsimmons and his sister Laura in 2011 after they were motivated to start the nonprofit based on their own experiences growing up in a poor New York household during the 1960s.

After their father left, their mother worked tirelessly to pay for food and rent – but they were still living paycheck to paycheck.

LOOK: Man Who Loves Cats Transforms Home into Feline Playland – And You Can Too (For Charity)

Fitzsimmons told The Washington Post that he often skipped school because it was too “humiliating” to wear tattered clothing around his well-dressed peers.

He and his sister now believe that their organization is helping other children to avoid that very same social anxiety.

Her two girls had sensory disorders and we paid for Noise Cancelling Headphones. pic.twitter.com/qlw0Y1feis — Alice's Kids (@alicewillhelp) November 29, 2018

Alice’s Kids grants wishes based on the requests that are submitted to them by teachers, social workers, counselors, and homeless shelter staffers.

The nonprofit then grants the wish by sending gift cards to the parents so they can purchase the gift themselves.

Since the child is unaware of the charitable exchange, parents are given an opportunity to feel supportive of their child’s additional needs – and the child may be given a chance to feel proud of their parent.

A challenged boy has been reading the first story of "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" over and over again. Today, we made it possible for him to get the entire set of books in that series!! — Alice's Kids (@alicewillhelp) March 19, 2019

Over the course of the last eight years, the nonprofit’s services have expanded to 27 US states.

In 2018 alone, they spent $59,000 on 862 students across the country – and they have already spent $26,000 on children since the start of this year.

CHECK OUT: When AC/DC Caught Wind of Ice Skater’s Charity Tribute, Guitarist Angus Young Donated Thousands

Since The Post published an article on Alice’s Kids in March, the organization is delighted to say that they have been flooded with donations – and they hope the financial support will continue.

“We’re not going to solve all the pains of all the children,” Ron told The Post. “But we just want to be part of the answer at least.”

A new trumpet for a homeless boy, courtesy of AK. He is now in the band! pic.twitter.com/LxfvxABZvW — Alice's Kids (@alicewillhelp) November 16, 2018

(WATCH the informational video below) – Photo by Alice’s Kids

Be Sure And Share This Inspiring Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Instead of being disciplined for his misdeeds, this unlikely shoplifter is being given more love and attention than ever before.

Last year, a stray dog was caught on camera sneaking into the Feevale University bookshop in Novo Hamburgo, Brazil. After managing to get past the front desk, the pup can be seen grabbing a book in its mouth and trotting out of the store.

But it wasn’t just any book – it was a book entitled “The Days of Abandonment”; a pretty relatable topic for stray animals.

Before the dog had a chance to read the pages, however, one of the campus students retrieved the book and gave it to the astonished cashier who was working the front desk.

LOOK: Zoos Are Tweeting Yelp-Like Reviews of Animal Species and They Are Hilarious

The bookshop staff was so tickled by the sneaky dog, they posted a video of the heist to Facebook where it later went viral.

As fate would have it, a group of local animal rescuers saw the video, stopped by the bookshop, and checked the dog into their care.

The dog was given a bath, vaccinations, and a foster home following its rescue.

(WATCH the amusing video below)

Click To Share The Pawesome Story With Your Friends (Photo by Infinity Livraria)Reprinted from Berkeley Lab

Plastic is great until you no longer need it. Because plastics contain various additives, like dyes, fillers, or flame retardants, very few plastics can be recycled without loss in performance or aesthetics.

Even the most recyclable plastic, PET – or poly(ethylene terephthalate) – is only recycled at a rate of 20 to 30%, with the rest typically going to incinerators or landfills, where the carbon-rich material takes centuries to decompose.

Now a team of researchers at the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) has designed a recyclable plastic that, like a Lego playset, can be disassembled into its constituent parts at the molecular level, and then reassembled into a different shape, texture, and color again and again without loss of performance or quality.

The new material, called poly(diketoenamine), or PDK, was reported in the journal Nature Chemistry.

LOOK: First Marathon to Swap Plastic Bottles for Biodegradable Pouches Made Out of Plants

“Most plastics were never made to be recycled,” said lead author Peter Christensen, a postdoctoral researcher at Berkeley Lab’s Molecular Foundry. “But we have discovered a new way to assemble plastics that takes recycling into consideration from a molecular perspective.”

Christensen was part of a multidisciplinary team led by Brett Helms, a staff scientist in Berkeley Lab’s Molecular Foundry.

All plastics, from water bottles to automobile parts, are made up of large molecules called polymers, which are composed of repeating units of shorter carbon-containing compounds called monomers.

According to the researchers, the problem with many plastics is that the chemicals added to make them useful – such as fillers that make a plastic tough, or plasticizers that make a plastic flexible – are tightly bound to the monomers and stay in the plastic even after it’s been processed at a recycling plant.

MORE: Supermarket Praised for Replacing Plastic Produce Packaging With Banana Leaves

During processing at such plants, plastics with different chemical compositions – hard plastics, stretchy plastics, clear plastics, candy-colored plastics – are mixed together and ground into bits. When that hodgepodge of chopped-up plastics is melted to make a new material, it’s hard to predict which properties it will inherit from the original plastics.

This inheritance of unknown and therefore unpredictable properties has prevented plastic from becoming what many consider the Holy Grail of recycling: a “circular” material whose original monomers can be recovered for reuse for as long as possible, or “upcycled” to make a new, higher quality product.

So, when a reusable shopping bag made with recycled plastic gets threadbare with wear and tear, it can’t be upcycled or even recycled to make a new product. And once the bag has reached its end of life, it’s either incinerated to make heat, electricity, or fuel, or ends up in a landfill, Helms said.

“Circular plastics and plastics upcycling are grand challenges,” he said. “We’ve already seen the impact of plastic waste leaking into our aquatic ecosystems, and this trend is likely to be exacerbated by the increasing amounts of plastics being manufactured and the downstream pressure it places on our municipal recycling infrastructure.”

CHECK OUT: Adidas Test to Sell Shoes Made of Ocean Plastic Was So Successful, They’re Going Even Further

The researchers want to divert plastics from landfills and the oceans by incentivizing the recovery and reuse of plastics, which could be possible with polymers formed from PDKs. “With PDKs, the immutable bonds of conventional plastics are replaced with reversible bonds that allow the plastic to be recycled more effectively,” Helms said.

Unlike conventional plastics, the monomers of PDK plastic could be recovered and freed from any compounded additives simply by dunking the material in a highly acidic solution. The acid helps to break the bonds between the monomers and separate them from the chemical additives that give plastic its look and feel.

“We’re interested in the chemistry that redirects plastic lifecycles from linear to circular,” said Helms. “We see an opportunity to make a difference for where there are no recycling options.” That includes adhesives, phone cases, watch bands, shoes, computer cables, and hard thermosets that are created by molding hot plastic material.

The researchers first discovered the exciting circular property of PDK-based plastics when Christensen was applying various acids to glassware used to make PDK adhesives, and noticed that the adhesive’s composition had changed. Curious as to how the adhesive might have been transformed, Christensen analyzed the sample’s molecular structure with an NMR (nuclear magnetic resonance) spectroscopy instrument. “To our surprise, they were the original monomers,” Helms said.

MORE: Scientists Are Replacing Plastic With Algae, a Revolutionary Idea That Can Suck Carbon Out of the Air

After testing various formulations at the Molecular Foundry, they demonstrated that not only does acid break down PDK polymers into monomers, but the process also allows the monomers to be separated from entwined additives.

Next, they proved that the recovered PDK monomers can be remade into polymers, and those recycled polymers can form new plastic materials without inheriting the color or other features of the original material – so that broken black watchband you tossed in the trash could find new life as a computer keyboard if it’s made with PDK plastic. They could also upcycle the plastic by adding additional features, such as flexibility.

The researchers believe that their new recyclable plastic could be a good alternative to many nonrecyclable plastics in use today.

RELATED: America’s Largest Grocery Store Chain is Saying Goodbye to Single-Use Plastic Bags

“We’re at a critical point where we need to think about the infrastructure needed to modernize recycling facilities for future waste sorting and processing,” said Helms. “If these facilities were designed to recycle or upcycle PDK and related plastics, then we would be able to more effectively divert plastic from landfills and the oceans. This is an exciting time to start thinking about how to design both materials and recycling facilities to enable circular plastics,” said Helms.

The researchers next plan to develop PDK plastics with a wide range of thermal and mechanical properties for applications as diverse as textiles, 3D printing, and foams. In addition, they are looking to expand the formulations by incorporating plant-based materials and other sustainable sources.

Pass On The Positive News By Sharing It With Your Friends On Social Media – Feature photo by Mukhina1 via iStockOne of the most iconic US tourist hotspots is set to get an eco-friendly update.

Niagara Falls is preparing to replace their current Maid of the Mist boat with the launch of the first two all-electric, zero-emission passenger vessels constructed in the United States.

The Maid of the Mist ferries over 1.6 million international tourists up to the falls every year. The two new fully-electric vessels will continue taking tourists to the heart of the Niagara Falls, undisturbed by engine noise or exhaust fumes.

Batteries will be recharged for seven minutes after each trip to 80% capacity, allowing for maximum efficiency and battery life.

LOOK: UK Trains Will Run On Hydrogen Power Within Three Years and Produce Zero Emissions

“It makes perfect sense for Maid of the Mist to be a world leader with the implementation of this green technology,” said Maid of the Mist President Christopher M. Glynn. “The new vessels will carry our guests to the base of Niagara Falls, one of the world’s largest sources of clean hydroelectric power.”

The new integrated vessels are currently under construction by Burger Boat Company in Wisconsin. In mid-May, the boats will be transported to Niagara Falls and lowered onto the Maid of the Mist dry dock and maintenance facility for assembly. Following completion of construction, launch and certification, the new vessels will be placed into service in mid-September.

Maid of the Mist VI (1990) and Maid of the Mist VII (1997), will be removed from service when the new vessels begin operating.

MORE: Country With Notorious Traffic Congestion Becomes First in the World to Offer Free Public Transportation for All

“The Maid of the Mist has offered tours of the world-famous Niagara Falls waterfalls and of the Niagara River Gorge for more than a century, and are a signature tourism attraction of Western New York,” said Governor Andrew Cuomo during the unveiling ceremony for the initiative. “The new zero-emission boats will continue that proud tradition while continuing our efforts to make New York State a premier environmentally friendly tourism destination.”

New York State Parks Acting Commissioner Erik Kulleseid said, “The Maid of the Mist has been a tremendous partner at Niagara Falls State Park. These new vessels delivering a superior visitor experience while expanding the sustainable practices we need to adapt to protect the natural assets that draw visitors to Niagara Falls and parks across the state.”

Be Sure And Sail This Story Over To Your Friends On Social Media – Photo by Maid of the MistReprinted from the University of Waterloo

This exciting new radar system can wirelessly monitor the vital signs of patients, eliminating the need to hook them up to any machines.

Housed in a device smaller than a cellphone, the new technology records heart and breathing rates using sensitive radar waves that are analyzed by sophisticated algorithms embedded in an onboard digital signal processing unit.

Researchers from the University of Waterloo developed the system to monitor sleep apnea patients by detecting subtle chest movements instead of connecting them to equipment in labs via numerous cumbersome wires.

“We take the whole complex process and make it completely wireless,” said George Shaker, an engineering professor at Waterloo. “And instead of a clinic, it could be done in the comfort of your own bed and run daily for continuous monitoring.”

RELATED: Girl Born With Backwards Legs Walks for the First Time Thanks to Strangers Funding ‘Miracle’ Surgery

In a study at the Research Institute for Aging, a unique facility affiliated with the university, the radar unit was mounted to the ceiling over the bed of more than 50 volunteers as they slept normally in a model long-term care apartment.

The system, which collects and analyzes data from radar waves that are reflected back to the unit from the bodies of patients, achieved results over 90 per cent as accurate as standard hard-wired equipment.

“This is the first time radar has been used for heart sensing with this degree of accuracy and in such an uncontrolled environment,” said Mostafa Alizadeh, a research associate who led the study. “Our subjects slept unobstructed, in any position, for up to eight hours.”

LOOK: Bedside Bioprinter May Soon Use Burn Patients’ Cells to Print Out New Skin Directly on Wounds

Researchers are also exploring use of the technology to monitor activity levels and falls by residents of long-term care homes, and in hospitals for routine monitoring of heart and breathing rates of all kinds of patients.

Advantages of the system for apnea monitoring include complete privacy since no cameras are used, much improved comfort and potential use in homes rather than special sleep clinics.

“With traditional systems involving wires and appointments booked weeks in advance, you can’t sleep as you normally do in your own bed at home, making the common sleep study an unpleasant experience,” said Shaker, a cross-appointed professor of electrical and computer engineering, and mechanical and mechatronics engineering.

CHECK OUT: Success of Advanced-Stage Parkinson’s Treatment is ‘Beyond Researcher’s Wildest Dreams’

In addition to sleep apnea, which involves breathing that repeatedly stops and starts, the system can monitor conditions such as periodic limb movement disorder, restless leg syndrome and seizures.

A paper on their work, “Remote monitoring of human vital signs using mm-wave FMCW radar,” appears in the journal IEEE Access.

Save Your Friends From Negativity By Sharing The Good News To Social Media – Feature photo by DiverDave, CCThis exciting new study shows that we may finally have the treatment to stop the HIV/AIDS epidemic for good.

The 8-year study monitored the health and activity of almost 1,000 gay couples across Europe.

Each couple consisted of one HIV-negative person and one HIV-positive person who was on effective treatment for the virus and had minimal amounts of the virus in their bloodstream.

The researchers are now thrilled to report that there were zero cases of infection amongst the couples, regardless of the amount of sexual contact.

RELATED: Years After She Smells Parkinson’s Disease on Her Husband, Woman is Now Paving the Way for Early Detection Test

The study’s success builds on earlier research that proved the treatment’s efficacy amongst heterosexual couples. This study nows shows that antiretroviral treatments are just as effective in homosexual couples as they are for heterosexuals.

The study, which was conducted by researchers from the University College London and the University of Copenhagen, was published in The Lancet journal earlier this week.

“Our findings provide conclusive evidence for gay men that the risk of HIV transmission with suppressive ART is zero,” said the study’s lead author, Professor Alison Rodger from the UCL Institute for Global Health.

WATCH: He Was Called Foolish for His Research; Now Documentary Tells How He Won Nobel Prize for ‘Cancer Cure’

“This message has been endorsed by more than 780 HIV organizations in 96 countries and can help end the HIV pandemic by preventing HIV transmission, and tackling the stigma and discrimination that many people with HIV face,” she added.

“Increased efforts must now focus on wider dissemination of this powerful message and ensuring that all HIV-positive people have access to testing, effective treatment, adherence support and linkage to care to help maintain an undetectable viral load.”

LOOK: In ‘World First’ Blind People Have Their Vision Restored Thanks to Stem Cells From Deceased Organ Donors

Dr. Michael Brady, Medical Director at Terrence Higgins Trust, said: “It is impossible to overstate the importance of these findings.

“The … study has given us the confidence to say, without doubt, that people living with HIV who are on effective treatment cannot pass the virus on to their sexual partners.

“This has incredible impact on the lives of people living with HIV and is a powerful message to address HIV-related stigma.”

Cure Your Friends Of Negativity By Sharing The Good News To Social Media… (Photo by C Goldsmith, Centers For Disease Control and Prevention)This blog was submitted to GNN via our submission form If you have any positive stories of your own that you would like to share with our audience, check out our submission page to learn more.

After being told that he would never live a normal live following a spinal cord injury, this man is riding his powered wheelchair 2,900 miles from Los Angeles to Washington D.C. in order to raise money and awareness for the 6 million individuals and wounded service members in the US living with paralysis.

In 2006, Janne Kouri was paralyzed from the neck down after he suffered a spinal cord injury. He was told by countless experts that he would never recover and never lead a normal life after the accident.

After two months in intensive care and a year of rehabilitation, however, Kouri moved back to Los Angeles and immediately started a nonprofit organization called NextStep Fitness, and he has since dedicated his entire life to helping those who suffer from paralysis. He opened up the first state-of-the-art fitness and rehabilitation facility in Los Angeles in 2007, and he now has facilities in Phoenix, Atlanta, Kansas City, Orlando, Raleigh, and Las Vegas.

RELATED: Cyclists Volunteer to Give Nature Rides to Wheelchair-Bound

When asked how the ride has been going, Kouri said: “It’s been an adventure and I’m having the time of my life. Just having the opportunity to see the country from a unique perspective is amazing.

“We’ve met so many wonderful people and great organizations along the way, it’s been more than I could have ever hoped for,” he added.

On his journey east, Kouri is using a Permobil chair and a Bowhead, a special bike created for those with paralysis – and he hopes that his journey will show others with similar disabilities that they can have a very full life.

LOOK: Romanian Shelter Gives Paraplegic Dogs Love, Care, and Wheelchairs

So far on his “Ride for Paralysis” journey, Kouri has thrown out the first pitch of a Cincinnati Reds game; rolled into a stadium with Rumble the Bison to deliver a half-court basketball in Oklahoma City; met with wounded veterans and team members from the Wounded Warriors Project in Phoenix, Arizona; and spoke to physical and occupational therapy students at the University of Tennessee.

The expedition has raised $290k to date with a goal of $500k by the time he arrives at his alma mater, Georgetown University, on May 15th.

WATCH Kouri’s story—and the moment he was able to stand and dance with his wife for the first time—on Good Morning America.

For more information about Kouri’s gym, his journey east, and how you can get involved and donate, you can visit the Ride for Paralysis website and follow Next Step LA on Instagram for updates from the road.

Pedal The Story Over To Your Friends By Sharing It On Social Media – Photo by Janne KouriThe Speaker: Mark Redmond was a finance major in college and working in a corporate job on Madison Avenue when he was 23. He had it all: a high paying job, a studio apartment near Park Avenue, nice suits and car. Little did he know that fate would intervene after he decided to volunteer once per week at Covenant House — a shelter for homeless teenage boys in New York City.

Notable Excerpt: “My family was apoplectic, my coworkers couldn’t understand it… but I knew this was what I should be doing with my life, so I quit my job, gave my car to my brother, and gave my suits to Goodwill.”

“It felt like I was doing a crazy thing. It was as if I was walking away from everything that I had worked for during grade school, high school, and college,” he told Good News Network. “Yet at the same time I had absolutely no doubt I was doing the right thing.”

The Lesson: At Covenant House in 1981 he ended up living with 40 other full time volunteers. They were from all walks of life, all ages, and each one lived in a tiny room, complete with cockroaches, located across the street from a strip club and a crack house. But Mark couldn’t have been happier, playing basketball with the troubled youth and handing out food.

“I didn’t get much training and I really didn’t know what I was doing. We’d help kids look for work or a place to live. One of the young men there, I am still in touch with him, all these decades later—in fact I spoke to him yesterday. He spent decades in prison after Covenant House, and I would visit him and write to him. I went to his 20-year-anniversary of being drug-free recently, it was a great night. He was typical of who we were trying to help: teenagers from multi-generational poverty, addicted to drugs, high school dropouts, in and out of prison. But we’d do what we could to make their lives better, and as with the case of this young man, sometimes it worked out well.”

Today, Mark is 61, and is the Director of Spectrum Youth and Family Services, a nonprofit that works with homeless, runaway and at-risk teenagers in Burlington, Vermont.

(LISTEN to the story of how he decided to give up everything…)Dogs may be man’s best friend, but a new survey of 2,000 dog owners shows that they’re also good for helping their owners make new friends too.

The survey says that almost half of dog owners have made friends while on their “walkies.” In fact, people say they have met an average of four new people though their pets while out for walks or at puppy training classes.

The results found that 54% of dog owners believe having their pet has boosted their confidence and made it easier for them to talk to strangers.

Pet owners have also experienced reduced stress levels, more time outdoors, and general health improvements. Their love lives have been positively affected, too, as one sixth of participants say they know someone who has met their partners through owning a dog.

LOOK:361 Golden Retrievers Met Up in Scotland to Celebrate Their Breed’s Birthday

On average, owners spend more than 7-and-a-half hours a week outside walking their pup, while one in 10 even spend up to 10 hours.

But more than one-third admitted they prefer going on a walk with a human companion and, on average, spend one hour a week arranging outings with fellow dog walkers.

Similarly, this has led to the dogs themselves having a vast social life too, with 60% of owners believing their pet has “dog friends”.

In fact, the average pooch is considered to have three friends, with more than one quarter them having a “walking buddy”.

CHECK OUT: Homeless Man’s Life Completely Changes After He Pays Back Animal Shelter That Kindly Cared for His Dog

Beyond canines, 3 in 10 dogs also have other animal companions, the majority of which are cats – but some respondents even said their pet is friends with a horse and rabbit.

Furthermore, 8 in 10 believe it is “important” for dogs to have friends that they can regularly see and play with. A further one-third of participants admitted to arranging play dates for themselves and their pooch.

Common places for dogs to meet other pups were found to be in the local area, with 63% often bumping into the same animals when they are out and about. One in 10 have interacted with fellow pooches while on holiday at the beach and in walking groups. Similarly, one in 10 owners have made friends while on holiday with their dog and others have met new people at the vets and training classes.

LOOK: Instead of Seeing Fireworks on Fourth of July, 200 People Spent Their Holiday Comforting Shelter Dogs

The survey was commissioned by children’s TV channel Boomerang, which launched its new “Mighty Mike” show earlier this week.

“Mighty Mike” follows the haphazard and hilarious efforts of a sophisticated pug named Mike as he tries to befriend the dog next door and defend his house against pesky neighbors.

“Dogs that mix nicely together can form strong bonds and learn a variety of social skills from each other that humans may find hard to spot or recognize,” said Nick Jones, MA Dog Behaviorist.

“Similarly, dogs are the perfect ice breaker to start conversations with people you might otherwise pass by and are proven to bring numerous health benefits along the way, such as improvements in mental and physical health, which this research has also shown.”

Be Sure And Share These Pawesome Fun Facts With Your Friends On Social Media…This unassuming facility in Iceland is literally taking a groundbreaking approach to stopping climate change.

For the last four years, the CarbFix project in Reykjavik has been turning greenhouse gas emissions from a nearby power plant into stone.

Due to the fascinating geological layout of Iceland, the bulk of the nation’s energy comes from geothermal sources. Though this is an ideal source of renewable energy, geothermal steam still contains small amounts of carbon dioxide.

So as a means of preventing the CO2 from entering the atmosphere, the Hellisheidi Power Plant created the CarbFix carbon capture facility.

RELATED: Special Bacteria is Found to be a ‘Battery’ That Turns Sewage Waste into Clean Hydrogen Energy

The facility is designed to divert all of the carbon emissions that are generated by the plant’s steam-powered geothermal turbines. The captured CO2 is then processed so that it turns into water containing dissolved carbon dioxide.

Once processed, the water is pumped one mile underground so that it can react with the basaltic rock foundations underneath of the facility and turn into minerals.

“In contrast to most projects, [CarbFix’s] goal is to petrify carbon by accelerating the transformation of CO2 into stable carbonate minerals (e.g. calcite) as rapidly as possible,” says the CarbFix website.

LOOK: World’s Largest Air Purifier Transforms Chinese Smog into Actual Diamonds

“[Once injected], the movement of the injected gases is monitored, and their fate is modeled using state of the art simulation tools. In accordance with a pre-defined traffic-light protocol, preventive steps are followed to minimize risks of induced seismicity. Any induced seismicity that occurs due to injection activities is monitored and analyzed.

“Once CO2 is transformed into carbonate minerals, it has been permanently removed from the atmosphere because carbonate minerals are stable on a geological time-scale.”

MORE: India Saves Its Tigers Instead of Mining For $330M in Diamonds

The project was officially launched in 2014 following a successful 2-year pilot program. The facility now processes approximately 12,000 tons of CO2 from the power plant every year – and researchers are now trying to launch a similar system so that it can capture carbon directly from the air.

“It’s definitely not ‘the solution,’ but it’s one of the solutions that can be used in the fight against climate change. And we will need all the solutions possible for this huge problem to be solved,” Reykjavik Energy’s Sandra Snæbjörnsdóttir told The World.

(LISTEN to the news report below)

This Story Rocks! So Be Sure And Share It With Your Friends On Social Media…This café owner serves up much more than meals – he has spent the last year serving up kindness to a stranger who loved his cooking.

Juan Carlos Beristain has been the culinary mastermind behind JC’s Cafe in Cary, Illinois. In addition to making desserts and coffee, the 49-year-old chef is renowned for serving up dozens of delicious soups.

Noah Dionesotes is just one of the local residents who adores Beristain’s soups. In addition to coping with multiple sclerosis, Dionesotes has been relying on the soups as a valuable source of nutrition throughout his chemotherapy treatments.

Beristain learned of Dionesotes’s health problems sometime last year after he saw a neighbor’s Facebook post about the man’s condition – and his love for the cafe’s soups.

RELATED: Rather Than Calling the Cops on Hungry Young Thief, 7-11 Owner Sends Him Home With Even More Food

Beristain immediately filled up a few cups of fresh stew so he could bring them to Dionesotes’s house.

Dionesotes was surprised to find Beristain on his doorstep with food in hand – and he was even more shocked when the restauranteur told him not to worry about payment.

Not only that, Beristain said he would continue delivering free soup to the house.

LOOK: Young Man Invites Solitary Senior to Eat With Him and Discovers She is a Widow On a Special Anniversary

Ever since that first encounter, Beristain has been delivering soup to Dionesotes’s house as often as four times per week for the last year.

“I really feel when other people are in pain,” Beristain told WTVR. “I felt that I could help him at least by delivering the soup that he likes, with the nutrition that is going to help him.”

Though Dionesotes’s friends are now trying to raise money for his next round of chemotherapy treatments, he says that Beristain’s compassion has been a very significant kind of treatment for his illness.

“I think the guy’s a saint … he’s an amazing human,” said Dionesotes.

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photo by WTVR

Be Sure And Share This Sweet Story Of Kindness With Your Friends On Social Media…Despite previously making a career out of helping humans, this guy is now responsible for helping to give over 20,000 animals a new lease on life.

Derrick Campana is an orthotist who specializes in making prosthetic limbs and customized braces for disabled animals.

Campana has made something of a name for himself as a trailblazer in animal orthotics. In addition to being the first person to build an orthotic brace for an elephant, he is also one of only a few people who has specialized in making braces and prosthetics for animals like kangaroos, goats, camels, sheep, llamas, and deer as well.

WATCH: How a Former Teacher Beat the Mining Industry and Saved the Rare Snow Leopards

From his office in Sterling, Virginia, Campana has crafted thousands of prosthetics and braces for animals all over the world through his two companies: Bionic Pets and Animal OrthoCare.

He is now trying to share his expertise with other animal care specialists so more and more critters can be given the gift of renewed mobility.

MORE: Willie Nelson Has Rescued 70 Horses Destined for the Slaughterhouse, So They Can Roam Free On His Farm

He hopes that by expanding the interest in his career field, he will simultaneously be able to help disabled animals and bring down the costs of animal prosthetics.

“I want to share the story of what I do and all these animals that have overcome adversity,” Campana told Biz Journals. “It’s all about awareness, and people just aren’t aware that these types of therapies exist, and if they did and they knew they were cost-effective and could really extend the life of their pet, that’s just my goal, is to help all of these animals.”

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Feature photo by Animal OrthoCare

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Story With Your Friends On Social Media…With national birth rates continuing to fall, one South Korean elementary school has come up with a clever way to keep their doors open amidst their lack of new young students.

Daegu Elementary is just one of the many rural schools in Gangjin County searching for kids to fill up their classrooms.

The New York Times says that the school used to teach about 90 kids back in the 1980s – and now there are only 22.

So as a means of saving the school, the principal invited elderly illiterate women to finally fulfill their dreams of learning to read and write.

RELATED: When a Preschool Opens Inside a Nursing Home, All Heaven Breaks Loose

Eight senior women enrolled as first graders at the school, and four more women pledged to enroll next year.

70-year-old Hwang Wol-geum told The Times that she used to weep with sadness whenever she had to watch her friends go to school while she stayed home to look after her younger siblings – but now, she is crying tears of joy over the possibility that she may finally learn to write letters to her children.

“I couldn’t believe this was actually happening to me,” said the senior. “Carrying a school bag has always been my dream.”

Help Your Friends Read The Good News By Sharing It To Social Media – File photo by Jabade, CCReprinted from the University of Sussex

A mathematician has developed a chemical-free way to precisely target a parasitic worm that destroys wheat crops.

This breakthrough method of pest control works with the plant’s own genes to kill specific microscopic worms, called nematodes, without harming any other insects, birds or mammals.

Dr. Konstantin Blyuss from the School of Mathematical and Physical Sciences at the University of Sussex, the research who developed the technique, said: “With a rising global population needing to be fed, and an urgent need to switch from fossil fuels to biofuels, our research is an important step forward in the search for environmentally safe crop protection which doesn’t harm bees or other insects.”

An estimated $130 billion worth of crops are lost every year to diseases caused by nematodes.

RELATED: Over 1 Million Gardeners Have United to Create Global Network of Greenery That Nourishes Bees and Butterflies

Targeting the harmful nematodes with chemical pesticides is problematic because they can indiscriminately harm other insects.

There are naturally occurring bacteria contained in soil which can help protect plants against harmful nematodes, but until now there has not been an effective way to harness the power of these bacteria to protect crops on a large scale.

Blyuss and his colleagues have used ‘RNA interference’ (RNAi) to precisely target a species of nematode that harms wheat.

“A nematode, as all other living organisms, requires some proteins to be produced to survive and make offspring, and RNA interference is a process which stops, or silences, production of these,” said Blyuss.

MORE: Appalachian Coal Miners Who Lost Their Jobs Are Being Retrained as Beekeepers – for Free

The team has developed a method to ‘silence’ the harmful nematode’s genes by using biostimulants derived from naturally occurring soil bacteria. The biostimulants also ‘switch off’ the plant’s own genes that are affected by the nematodes, making it much harder for the parasite to harm the crop.

The gene silencing process is triggered when biostimulants, which are metabolites of bacteria occurring naturally in the soil, are applied to wheat. The biostimulants can be applied either by soaking the seeds or roots in a solution containing the biostimulants, or by adding the solution to the soil in which the plants are growing.

“By soaking the seeds of the plant in the solution of biostimulants, the plant becomes a ‘Trojan horse’ for delivering special compounds produced inside the plants to the nematodes, which then kills them,” said Blyuss. “We’ve targeted the specific genes of the nematode, so we know this won’t affect other creatures.”

CHECK OUT: The Grateful Dead Helps to Save Bees and Butterflies Through Jerry Garcia’s Legacy

The biostimulants only affect specific nematode and plant genes, and do not harm other species of insects. And because they are naturally occurring, rather than made of chemicals, they could potentially be used by organic farmers to make organic food more affordable in future.

Blyuss’ mathematical modelling explains how RNA interference works in plants and shows the most effective way to apply the biostimulants to keep the crop safe from the harmful nematodes.

The team’s experiments show that soaking the seeds of the plants in the biostimulant solution increases the chances of the plants surviving by between 57 to 92%. The technique also reduces the level of nematode infestation by 73 to 83% compared to plants grown without biostimulants.

LOOK: Farmer is Sweet on Bee Hives As Perfect Fence to Keep Elephants Safely Away

Explaining the research, Blyuss said: “By using mathematical models, we learned how biostimulants are absorbed by wheat plants, so we now know the best way to deliver them. We’ve also looked at how the RNAi develops inside the plants and nematodes, how the plant is able to switch off specific genes involved in the process of nematode parasitism, thus stopping infestation, and how parts of RNAi from plants, when ingested by nematodes, cause their death by silencing some of their essential genes.

“These insights were combined with advanced experimental work on developing new strains of soil bacteria and extracting their metabolites, as well as with state-of-the-art molecular genetics analyses, to develop a new generation of environmentally safe tools for control of wheat nematodes.

“Some people are wary of genetically modified plants, so it’s important to be clear that that is not what this is. Biostimulants effectively act as an ‘inoculation’ against nematode infestation. They achieve their effect by mobilizing plants’ internal machinery to produce compounds that protect plants against nematodes, while simultaneously causing nematode death.

MORE: Girl’s Lemonade Recipe to Saves Bees Turned Into Million Dollar Whole Foods Deal

“The plants produced using biostimulants have much better crop yields and higher resistance to pests, but they are no different from other plants that have been artificially bred to have some useful characteristic. Moreover, the biostimulants themselves are truly natural, as they are nothing else but products of bacteria already living in the soil.”

The breakthrough, which was developed alongside biologists at the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, is published in a paper in the journal Frontiers in Plant Science.

Professor Galyna Iutynska, who led the experimental work on development of biostimulants, said: “This work is very exciting because our biostimulants are obtained from products of naturally occurring soil bacteria, which are not genetically modified. The importance of this is that unlike chemical pesticides, these biostimulants can also be used to protect a variety of agricultural crops against parasites in the context of organic farming, which is a particularly challenging problem. Furthermore, these biostimulants can replace chemical pesticides or significantly reduce their use, thus limiting potential negative impact on the environment.”

The next steps are to develop more advanced mathematical models of how biostimulants with multiple components can be taken up from the soil by both seeds and roots; and to identify which of the most recently identified genetic targets in the nematode are most effective.

Professor Dave Goulson from the University of Sussex’s School of Life Sciences, and a global expert on declining bee populations, said: “There is growing awareness that the heavy use of conventional pesticides in farming is causing great harm to biodiversity, resulting in pollution of soils and waterways with harmful toxins. We urgently need to find alternative, sustainable means to control crop pests.”

Plant Some Positivity By Sharing The Good News With Your Friends On Social Media…A “one-in-a-million” little girl who was born with both legs bent backwards has walked for the first time thanks to an outpouring of financial support that helped pay for her “miracle” surgery.

3-year-old Victoria Komada was born with bilateral tibial hemimelia – a congenital deformity which results in deformed legs and missing bones.

Doctors initially told Victoria’s family that the only solution was a double amputation – but then her parents found a surgeon in Florida who would be able to reconstruct one of her legs.

LOOK: Surgeons Successfully Implant World’s First 3D-Printed Rib – and They Plan On Doing Even More in the Future

Though the surgery cost a whopping £180,000 ($235,000), thousands of people raised money for the polish family so they could travel to America from their home in Norwich last July.

Upon successfully raising the funds for the treatment, the family flew out to the Paley Institute in West Palm Beach, Florida where Dr. Dror Paley told them that her left leg could be fixed and her right leg could simply be fitted with a prosthetic.

Victoria had her first nine-hour operation in July. After months of treatments and therapy, she underwent a second operation in November so the bones in her left leg could be fused together. Two days later, she could walk.

Victoria and her parents Marzena Drusewicz and Dariusz Komada are now back at their home in Norwich, Norfolk after nine months of treatment and two operations. Not only that, the young girl can now walk, run and play sports.

“Of course I was so scared and didn’t know what would was going to happen,” said Marzena, Victoria’s mom.

MORE: In ‘World First’ Blind People Have Their Vision Restored Thanks to Stem Cells From Deceased Organ Donors

“[But] every week, she got better and better and now she is not in any pain at all. She can now walk normally and we can all start our life again now we are home.

“We were so happy when she took her first steps, we started crying,” she added. “We were on the way to the car and she said ‘Mummy, can I show you something.’”

Dr. Paley, the mastermind who performed the surgery, said: “We achieved all that we said we would achieve for her. The reconstructed leg is very functional.

“She can walk and run and do sports now. She has had superb results.”

Victoria is now due to start school in September.

(WATCH the video below)

Be Sure And Share This Inspiring Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Reprinted from the University of Sydney

Researchers have finally discovered an antidote to the deadly sting that is delivered by the most venomous creature on earth – the Australian box jellyfish.

The Australian box jellyfish (Chironex fleckeri) has about 60 tentacles that can grow up to 3 meters (10 feet) long. Each tentacle has millions of microscopic hooks filled with venom.

Each box jellyfish carries enough venom to kill more than 60 humans.

A single sting to a human will cause necrosis of the skin, excruciating pain, and – if the dose of venom is large enough – cardiac arrest and death within minutes.

WATCH: He Was Called Foolish for His Research; Now Documentary Tells How He Won Nobel Prize for ‘Cancer Cure’

Associate Professor Greg Neely and Dr Raymond (Man-Tat) Lau and their team of pain researchers at the University of Sydney’s Charles Perkins Centre were studying how the box jellyfish venom works when they made the discovery.

They uncovered a medicine that blocks the symptoms of a box jellyfish sting if administered to the skin within 15 minutes after contact.

The antidote was shown to work on human cells outside the body and then tested effectively. Researchers now hope to develop a topical application for humans.

“We were looking at how the venom works, to try to better understand how it causes pain. Using new CRISPR genome editing techniques we could quickly identify how this venom kills human cells. Luckily, there was already a drug that could act on the pathway the venom uses to kill cells, and when we tried this drug as a venom antidote on mice, we found it could block the tissue scarring and pain related to jellyfish stings,” said Associate Professor Neely. “It is super exciting.”

LOOK: Years After She Smells Parkinson’s Disease on Her Husband, Woman is Now Paving the Way for Early Detection Test

Published in the prestigious journal Nature Communications, the study used CRISPR whole genome editing to identify how the venom works. Genome editing is a technology that allows scientists to add, remove or alter genetic material in an organism’s DNA.

In the study, the researchers took a vat of millions of human cells and knocked out a different human gene in each one. Then they added the box jellyfish venom – which kills cells at high doses – and looked for cells that survived. From the whole genome screening, the researchers identified human factors that are required for the venom to work.

“The jellyfish venom pathway we identified in this study requires cholesterol, and since there are lots of drugs available that target cholesterol, we could try to block this pathway to see how this impacted venom activity. We took one of those drugs, which we know is safe for human use, and we used it against the venom, and it worked,” said Dr. Lau, who is the lead author on the paper. “It’s a molecular antidote.”

CHECK OUT: In ‘World First’ Blind People Have Their Vision Restored Thanks to Stem Cells From Deceased Organ Donors

“It’s the first molecular dissection of how this type of venom works, and possible how any venom works,” Dr. Lau said. “I haven’t seen a study like this for any other venom.”

“We know the drug will stop the necrosis, skin scarring and the pain completely when applied to the skin,” said Associate Professor Neely, who is the senior author on the paper. “We don’t know yet if it will stop a heart attack. That will need more research and we are applying for funding to continue this work.”

Found in coastal waters in northern Australia, from Queensland to Western Australian and into the waters around the Philippines, the box jellyfish is extremely dangerous. They don’t just float – they can actively swim, gaining speed of 7.5 kilometers per hour (4.6 miles per hour) when they are hunting. They feed in shallow waters, mainly small fish and prawns.

There are two types of box jellyfish, the Irukandji, which is tiny, and the Chironex fleckeri, which is about 3 meters long. “We studied the biggest, most venomous and scary one,” said Associate Professor Neely. “Our drug works on the big beast. We don’t know yet if it works on other jellyfish, but we know it works on the most-deadly one.”

MORE: Boy is Cured of Aggressive Cancer Thanks to Stem Cell Treatment Using Donated Umbilical Cord

The venom used in the study was collected from a box jellyfish off the waters of Cairns by Associate Professor Jamie Seymour at James Cook University.

Anecdotal evidence suggests the only current treatment for a sting is dousing the area with vinegar for 30 seconds or running very hot water over the affected area for 20 minutes. If it’s a major sting, continuous CPR is needed to keep the heart beating.

“Our antidote is a medicine that blocks the venom,” said Associate Professor Neely. “You need to get it onto the site within 15 minutes. In our study, we injected it. But the plan would be a spray or a topical cream. The argument against a cream is when you are stung it leaves lots of little stingers in you so if you rub the cream on it might be squeezing more venom into you. But if you spray, it could neutralize what’s left outside of your body.”

Associate Professor Neely and his team are now looking for potential partners to work on making the medicine available to the public.

RELATED: FDA Grants ‘Breakthrough’ Status to Psilocybin Mushroom Therapy for Untreatable Depression

Associate Professor Neely’s team work in functional genomics and study chronic pain at the Charles Perkins Centre and he heads the Sydney Genome Editing Initiative at the University of Sydney. They are studying a range of deadly Australian creatures – the box jellyfish, and a wide variety of other venomous animals – in order to understand what causes pain.

In 2018, pain and chronic pain cost $139 billion to the Australian economy and is heading towards $215 billion by 2050, according to Pain Australia.

“Most of our work is directed at developing non-addictive pain killers for humans,” said Associate Professor Neely. “One way we do this is to figure out how painful venoms from Australian creatures work using brand new CRISPR technology. It is super cool.”

(WATCH the video below)

Cure Your Friends Of Negativity By Sharing The Good News To Social Media…Thousands of snow leopards have been saved from the dangers of mining companies thanks to the tireless efforts of a former language teacher turned animal activist.

49-year-old Bayarjargal Agvaantseren first became determined to save the vulnerable big cats after she spent some time working as a translator for a wildlife scientist back in the 1980s.

The big cat population of southern Mongolia has been dwindling as a result of habitat loss and poaching. Prior to Agvaantseren’s conservation efforts, snow leopards also fell prey to Mongolian farmers who were keen on protecting their livestock.

RELATED: Watch the Badass Footage of Africa’s First All-Female Anti-Poaching Team in Action

Upon successfully creating an insurance program for local herders, however, Agvaantseren managed to recruit the farmers as allies in her fight to protect the big cats.

Then in 2009, she learned of extensive mining operations that were being launched in a critical area of snow leopard habitat in the South Gobi Desert.

Her advocacy resulted in the region being turned into the 1.8 million-acre Tost Tosonbumba Nature Reserve, which is the first federally protected area in Mongolia created specifically for snow leopard conservation.

LOOK: With Only 147 of World’s Fattest Parrots Left, This Year’s Baby Boom Has Left Researchers Positively Squawking

Not only that, Agvaantseren also succeeded in persuading the Mongolian government to cancel all 37 mining licenses on the precious land and ban all future mining permits on the reserve.

In recognition for her conservational career, Agvaantseren was recently awarded the 2019 Goldman Environmental Prize for Asia.

“In a remote, unforgiving corner of the world dominated by runaway mining operations, Agvaantseren championed protections for Mongolia’s remaining population of snow leopards,” read’s the Goldman website. “Moreover, she was able to shift perceptions of snow leopards among herder communities, who now see the animal as an integral part of their identity.”

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Goldman Environmental Prize

Uplift Your Friends’ Faith in Humanity—Share on Social Media…Rather than giving plastic water bottles to the 41,000 athletes who participated in the London Marathon this weekend, the runners were given little biodegradable blobs as a means of reducing plastic waste.

The London Marathon became the first full marathon to replace their plastic bottles with the edible Ooho water bottles.

The Ooho packaging, which is made entirely out of sustainable seaweed extracts, only costs about 2 cents to make.

LOOK: Scientists Are Replacing Plastic With Algae, a Revolutionary Idea That Can Suck Carbon Out of the Air

Designed by London-based startup Skipping Rocks Labs, the tasteless biodegradable container is made out of a thin, flexible membrane composed of sodium alginate – a natural derivative of brown algae – and calcium chloride.

It can either be ripped open so the runner can drink the liquid out of the membrane, or the pods can simply be consumed whole like a cherry tomato.

The water containers have successfully been tested during several smaller sports events, such as the Harrow Half-Marathon back in September, but this week’s full marathon was the largest trial of the edible containers to date.

MORE: Netherlands to Build Roads With Recycled Plastic From the Ocean

Over 30,000 Ooho capsules of sports drink were distributed to the runners during the marathon. Combined with the event’s other eco-friendly initiatives, the packaging helped to save over 200,000 plastic bottles from being used on the course.

The biodegradable bottles were part of the London Marathon Event’s (LME) commitment to achieving zero landfill waste by December 2020.

“It is a huge challenge as we must balance providing proper runner welfare with reducing our environmental impact,” says LME event director Hugh Brasher. “We can’t achieve everything in one event, in one year, but the changes and the trials we’re introducing for this year have the potential to change how mass participation events are delivered in future. Everyone can make a difference: our participants, spectators, contractors, volunteers and staff.”

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Lucozade Sport

Power Up With Positivity By Sharing The Exciting News With Your Friends On Social Media…One man’s compulsion to sit with a woman who was eating by herself in a restaurant has resulted in an amazing new bond of friendship.

Last week, Jamario Howards and his friends were sharing a meal at Brad’s diner in Oxford, Alabama when he saw a woman named Eleanor sitting alone.

“My exact thoughts [were] ‘dang I’d hate to have to eat alone,’” Howard recalled on Facebook.

The young man then approached Eleanor and asked if he could sit with her. Upon chatting about their lives, the elderly woman revealed that she was a widow and it was the day before her 60th wedding anniversary to her late husband.

MORE: Since Officers Gave Her a Car, Strangers Have Donated Thousands to 20-Year-old Raising Her 5 Siblings

Howards immediately asked Eleanor to have dinner with him and his two friends. After he posted a photo of the widow and her three new acquaintances to social media, it was shared thousands of times and featured on dozens of news outlets.

In a recent interview with CBS News, Eleanor says that she believes God sent her to the restaurant that night so she could be reminded of the kindness of strangers.

Howards, who says that he and his friends “already feel like they’re her grandkids,” says that they have all vowed to make time for their new surrogate grandma – and it seems that they are already meeting Eleanor at the restaurant for regular dinners.

(WATCH the heartwarming interview below or our international viewers can watch the footage on the CBS website) – Photo by Jamario Howard

Be Sure And Share The Sweet Story With Your Friends On Social Media…This blog was submitted to GNN by Jitendra Bhojwani. If you have any positive stories of your own that you would like to share with our audience, check out our submission page to learn more.

Sometimes in life, a small event can make us realize that kindness still rules the world – and I had an opportunity to experience the kindness of people from a total stranger: a driver named Afolabi.

In October 2007, I was working as a sales manager with a distributor in Lagos, Nigeria that provided me with a company driver to take me home at night. One night when he was returning me to my house, the car broke down on the highway.

The driver, Afolabi, somehow managed to steer the car onto a nearby street before he went off to find a mechanic. As soon as he left, at least 7 to 8 people (“area boys” in the native language) emerged from the deep dark of the night and surrounded our car, demanding me to hand over whatever money I had.

MORE: When I Was Alone at the Hospital at 4AM, a Lyft Driver Restored My Faith in Humanity

To my relief, however, Afolabi returned to the car so he could intervene and scare them away. Though he was well-built, even in the darkness of the night, people will not generally fight to save their own possessions.

The boys could have been carrying weapons with them, but this loyal driver did not think of any “ifs” or “buts”. His main objective was to save me from getting robbed. He was so concerned for my safety, he even rolled up the car windows so that the boys could not harm me.

Initially, he tried to quietly reason with them to make them understand. When that didn’t work, he raised his voice and ultimately showed that he was ready for a fist fight.

LOOK: Fearless Uber Driver Stops Mid-Trip to Scoop Up Injured Hawk and Save It From the Highway

His bold gestures and muscular frame ultimately forced the boys to abandon their intentions and they finally ran away into the same darkness from where they came; but those few moments were enough to register the driver’s kindness into the deepest corner of my heart—and it was even more emotional to me since he was a native of Nigeria and I was a foreigner from India.

So here he was, fighting with his countrymen just to save me, a “foreigner,” solely because of the one common bond that we all share: humanity!

Hats off to Afolabi, the compassionate driver who helped me.

Jitendra left his career as a sales manager to enjoy a calm life in Jaipur doing what he loves most—writing as a freelance creative and technical writer

Be Sure And Share The Inspiring Story Of Kindness With Your Friends On Social Media – File photo by Joy Agyepong, CCReprinted from University of Rochester

The strongest synthetic materials are often those that intentionally mimic nature.

One natural substance scientists have studied as a model for creating synthetic materials is nacre, also known as mother-of-pearl.

Being an exceptionally tough, stiff material produced by some mollusks and serving as their inner shell layer, it also comprises the outer layer of pearls, giving them their lustrous shine.

But while nacre’s unique properties make it an ideal inspiration in the creation of synthetic materials, most methods used to produce artificial nacre are complex and energy intensive.

RELATED: This is the Largest Village Built Exclusively to House the Homeless in US – and It’s About to Get Even Bigger

Now, a biologist at the University of Rochester has invented an inexpensive and environmentally friendly method for making artificial nacre using an innovative component: bacteria. The artificial nacre created by Anne S. Meyer, PhD, an associate professor of biology at Rochester, and her colleagues is made of biologically produced materials and has the toughness of natural nacre, while also being stiff and, surprisingly, bendable.

The method used to create the novel material could lead to new applications in medicine, engineering—and even constructing buildings on the moon.

The impressive mechanical properties of natural nacre arise from its hierarchical, layered structure, which allows energy to disperse evenly across the material. In a paper published in the journal Small, Meyer and her colleagues outline their method of using two strains of bacteria to replicate these layers. When they examined the samples under an electron microscope, the structure created by the bacteria was layered similarly to nacre produced naturally by mollusks.

LOOK: After Success of First 3D-Printed Home in US, 50 More Homes Are Being Built for Poor Families

Although nacre-inspired materials have been created synthetically before, the methods used to make them typically involve expensive equipment, extreme temperatures, high-pressure conditions, and toxic chemicals, Meyer says. “Many people creating artificial nacre use polymer layers that are only soluble in nonaqueous solutions, an organic solvent, and then they have this giant bucket of waste at the end of the procedure that has to be disposed of.”

To produce nacre in Meyer’s lab, however, all researchers have to do is grow bacteria and let it sit in a warm place. They create alternating thin layers of crystalized calcium carbonate—to act like cement—and sticky polymer. They first take a glass or plastic slide and place it in a beaker containing the bacteria Sporosarcina pasteurii, a calcium source, and urea (from urination). This combination triggers the crystallization of calcium carbonate. To make the polymer layer, they place the slide into a solution of the bacteria Bacillus licheniformis, then let the beaker sit in an incubator.

Right now it takes about a day to build up a layer of calcium carbonate and polymer approximately five micrometers thick. Meyer and her team are currently looking at coating other materials like metal with the nacre, and trying new techniques to make thicker nacre-like materials faster.

CHECK OUT: 23-Year-old Wins Top Prize for Cheap Bamboo Housing That Can Be Constructed in 4 Hours

One of the most beneficial characteristics of the nacre produced in Meyer’s lab is that it is biocompatible—made of materials the human body produces or that humans can eat naturally anyway. This makes the nacre ideal for medical applications like artificial bones and implants, Meyer says. “If you break your arm, for example, you might put in a metal pin that has to be removed with a second surgery after your bone heals. A pin made out of our material would be stiff and tough, but you wouldn’t have to remove it.”

And, while the material is tougher and stiffer than most plastics, it is very lightweight, a quality that is especially valuable for transportation vehicles like airplanes, boats, or rockets, where every extra pound means extra fuel. Because the production of bacterial nacre doesn’t require any complex instruments, and the nacre coating protects against chemical degradation and weathering, it holds promise for civil engineering applications like crack prevention, protective coatings for erosion control, or for conservation of cultural artifacts, and could be useful in the food industry, as a sustainable packaging material.

RELATED: These Will Be the First 3D-Printed Homes That You Can Actually Live In

The nacre might also be an ideal material to build houses on the moon and other planets: the only necessary “ingredients” would be an astronaut and a small tube of bacteria, Meyer says. “The moon has a large amount of calcium in the moon dust, so the calcium’s already there. The astronaut brings the bacteria, and the astronaut makes the urea, which is the only other thing you need to start making calcium carbonate layers.”

Beyond its qualities as an ideal structural material, nacre itself—as any pearl jewelry owner knows—is quite beautiful. Who doesn’t want a bit more beauty in the world?

(WATCH the educational video below)



Share This Amazing Innovation With Your Friends On Social…You may not think an 83-year-old widower would have much in common with a pop star, but an awe-inspiring new video proves otherwise.

27-year-old Louis Tomlinson is one of the former members of the boy band One Direction. He and the widower, a former taxi driver named Richard, first started talking to each other after realizing they both have experienced a similar amount of grief.

Richard has been mourning the death of his wife of 60 years since she died of Alzheimer’s complications in 2016. Tomlinson, similarly, has been coping with the death of his mother after she lost a battle against leukemia. He also recently lost his sister to a suspected heart attack.

RELATED: 18-Year-Old Drives 225 Miles to Make Pizzeria’s First and Only Delivery After Receiving Special Phone Call

Tomlinson got to meet Richard at his home in Yorkshire for the first time last month, and the young musician was delighted to hear that Richard was a passionate singer. The Englishman mentioned that he had made a list of things to accomplish with his wife before she died, but didn’t get to finish. When Tomlinson offered to help him tackle the bucket list, he accepted.

WATCH: Man Takes Mom on Bucket List Adventure as Redemption for Unappreciative Younger Years

Together, Richard and Tomlinson went on a rollercoaster; flew in a helicopter; got tattoos; drove race cars; and sang on stage for a packed stadium.

If that isn’t touching enough for you, Tomlinson then used footage from their adventures to make a music video for his song “Two of Us”, which he wrote for his mother.

“This video feels particularly relevant and powerful to me,” Tomlinson wrote on Instagram.

“Richard is a classic example of a fearless man who in light of tragedy still pushes himself to live with as much laughter and happiness as possible.”

(WATCH the music video below) – Photo by Louis Tomlinson

Be Sure And Share This Sweet Story With Your Friends On Social Media…This desperate local R&B singer was ready to sell his car in order to help his sick dog, so the community rallied to help.

Last week, veterinarians told Randy Etter that if his dog Gemini did not undergo emergency surgery, then the pooch would likely die the very same day.

It all started the day Gemini swallowed a bottle top after Etter’s girlfriend’s daughter was playing with the pooch. When the pup started vomiting excessively, Etter brought him from vet’s office to vet’s office, hoping someone could tell him what was wrong with the dog.

The musician was even fired from his day job in Indianapolis because he spent so much time trying to find help for his canine companion.

By the time a vet was able to find the blockage in Gemini’s intestines, he was already in dire straits – and the surgery would cost thousands of dollars.

Etter published an ad on Facebook offering to sell his car for $1,000 less than what it should sell for—but when social media users empathized with the musician’s story and shared it, it eventually reached the ears of the S.O.A.R Initiative (Street Outreach Animal Response).

LOOK: Five Days After Disappearing, Dog is Rescued From Underground Rabbit Hole

The group quickly managed to raise the necessary funds for the surgery, and Gemini’s operation was a success.

Needless to say, Etter was overwhelmed with emotion.

“I never thought I’d be one of those people to catch the miracle, you know what I’m saying?” Etter told WXIN with a smile.

(WATCH the news coverage below… Note: The station requires watching an ad at the top for 10-15 seconds) – Photo by WXIN

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Rescue Story With Your Friends On Social Media…It all happened in the month I was about to move my mom to Maui, Hawaii so she could be closer to me after recovering from her lung cancer.

However, we got word that the cancer had metastasized to her brain and she needed emergency surgery. The two fast growing brain tumors that my mom called her “coconuts” were removed on April 9th—and she soon received the first of many miracles on her road to recovery this month.

Miracle 1: She was walking less than 24 hours post-op. (She even ordered a cute top on the QVC channel from her ICU hospital bed).

Miracle 2: She received an all-clear MRI showing the cancer was gone from her brain.

Miracle 3: She sold her home of 20 years in a small town, where real estate rarely moves, while being in the hospital. (Mom’s free now to move to Maui!)

Miracle 4: At a free yoga event in Little Rock, Arkansas, I met Marcus Greene, who lost his mother to brain cancer two years ago. He set up his yoga mat next to me and I learned more about his story.

In honor of his mother, he started a nonprofit called The Shirley Greene Foundation that donates free wigs to cancer patients in the Little Rock area.

WATCH: He Was Called Foolish for His Research; Now Documentary Tells How He Won Nobel Prize for ‘Cancer Cure’

A week later, Marcus delivered two blonde wigs to her hospital room. It was even his birthday and he brought his two 4-year-old twins, a 2-year-old, and wife to visit with my mom, on the way to his birthday dinner. What a guy!

He mentioned to me that after he had walked his mother into her radiation treatment shortly after her brain surgery, he ended up wheeling her out of the building and she was unable to walk ever again. He said after her radiation treatments, his mother was never the same; she wasn’t able to take care of her basic needs anymore.

This was very disturbing, as my mom has been advised by her doctor that she will need to undergo radiation and chemotherapy going forward.

MORE: Boy is Cured of Aggressive Cancer Thanks to Stem Cell Treatment Using Donated Umbilical Cord

There are few people who transform a family tragedy into an incredible charitable cause to give back. Marcus not only gave my mom a new fresh look, but gave her an insight into the risks of radiation. We’ve decided to move her to Maui soon, and live out the rest of her days without the ill side effects of chemo and radiation.

She is currently cancer-free and has chosen to enjoy a quality life with fresh foods, sunshine, and lots of love from my surfing camp for women called Maui Surfer Girls.

Dustin Tester was raised on Maui and learned to surf when she was seven. She’s been a multi-sport water athlete ever since. She founded Maui Surfer Girls surf school.

Share This Story Of Fate And Kindness With Your Friends On Social Media…Terri Matula has been saving dozens of animals simply by recycling the very same medical devices that are used to save humans.

When Matula and her husband were in college 20 years ago, their beloved cocker spaniel named Gator suffered from an urgent third-degree heart blockage.

The pup was in desperate need of a pacemaker, but since the Matulas were both students at the time, they couldn’t afford the $3,000 device.

Matula has now been working as a cardiovascular nurse at the Navicent Health center in Macon, Georgia for 17 years – and she has been using her experience in the hospital to help sick pets as well.

WATCH: How a Former Teacher Beat the Mining Industry and Saved the Rare Snow Leopards

Back in 2017, Matula’s husband was told that he needed to upgrade his pacemaker. When she remembered what happened to her dog Gator, she asked if she could keep the pacemaker for an animal in need.

“The similarities between how animals and humans are treated for certain diseases are very strong,” says Matula. “When I was studying to become a nurse 20 years ago, I learned that pacemakers for human beings could be utilized in dogs, as well.

“I asked his cardiology team if I could keep the pacemaker after they replaced it and then called the University of Georgia to find out if I could donate the device to the College of Veterinary Medicine,” said Matula.

MORE: Willie Nelson Has Rescued 70 Horses Destined for the Slaughterhouse, So They Can Roam Free On His Farm

As a result of her husband’s successfully donated pacemaker benefiting the nearby veterinary school, Matula was inspired to start collecting human pacemakers in order to give them to animals in need.

In February 2018, Matula formed the Pacemaker Donation Program between the university and Navicent Health.

“When a patient’s pacemaker is exchanged, upgraded or replaced, the patient is offered the option of donating their used device to the Pacemaker Donation Program,” said Beth Mann, vice president for cardiovascular services and nursing strategy at Navicent. “Everyone – our staff and our patients – has been excited to save the lives of animals with reusable devices.”

Since launching the program, the university has received 41 pacemakers. According to Navicent, only the pacemakers of living donors are used for the program. Many of the pacemakers have at least five and a half years of battery life remaining, offering aging dogs the opportunity for many more evening walks and games of fetch.

LOOK: One Cat’s Obsession With Hunting Birds Leads to Invention That Has Saved Hundreds of Thousands

The pacemakers with less battery life are useful as teaching tools in the classroom for UGA’s veterinary students.

“This project demonstrates that with some creativity and a desire to share with others, solutions can be found,” said Gregg Rapaport, a veterinary cardiologist at UGA. “Each donated pacemaker that has benefited a person will now have benefited a dog, as well. The same resource will have positively impacted twice as many lives with no downside to anyone, and we can all feel good about that.”

Patients with pacemakers in need of replacement who wish to donate to a dog in need may talk with their Navicent Health care team about participating in the Pacemaker Donation Program.

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photos by Terri Matula

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Story With Your Friends On Social Media…A 19-year-old Chinese construction worker is being hailed as a hero after he saved 14 people from a burning apartment building.

Lan Junze was working at a construction site in Fushun City, Liaoning Province when he heard screams and saw smoke coming from a nearby structure.

When he rushed over to investigate, he found that the apartment building had caught fire and there were over a dozen people trapped on the third floor.

Thanks to his skill with a crane, Lan was able to use his crane to save all 14 people from the fire.

(WATCH the video below)

Save Your Friends From Negativity By Sharing The Heroic Story To Social Media…After spending their lives being exploited on the streets, two elephants have been rescued and given a new lease on life at an elephant sanctuary – and they were escorted to its gates by hundreds of people rallying for their support.

SomBoon is a pregnant 30-year-old elephant who is expected to give birth within the next few months. The other elephant, Sri Nuan, is 50 years old and suffering from digestive problems as a result of a poor diet.

As their rescuers prepared to move the pachyderms to their new home at the Samui Elephant Haven in Thailand earlier this month, they realized just how difficult it would be to move the massive mammals.

Because the elephants had not been on board any form of automotive transportation in two decades, their rescuers were anxious about the creatures becoming panicked and causing harm to the vehicle or its drivers.

LOOK: India Gets Its First Ever Hospital for Abused Elephants – and They’ve Already Treated Dozens

Not to be discouraged, the rescuers simply resolved to walk the animals along the 12-mile (20-kilometer) journey to their new home.

The team embarked on their journey at 6pm and spent the next 10 hours walking the elephants through various villages and roadways. As a safety precaution, the elephants were kept on a chain for the start of the expedition – but as they became calmer and more accustomed to their surroundings, the chains were removed and they were allowed to move freely along the road.

The rescuers were not alone on their intrepid journey, either; as they walked, dozens of villagers and tourists joined them in the streets to walk with them in solidarity. Food vendors even exited their stores in order to offer fruit and water to the elephants.

Initially, the entourage was joined by about 60 strangers – but their group steadily swelled in size the longer they walked.

RELATED: Watch Orphan Elephant Conquer His Fear of Water With Help From His Loving Human

“It was so exciting, I got goosebumps all over – the hairs just stood up,” said Mango Yordbear, a UK traveler who helped with the rescue. “It was an electric feeling. It was so beautiful.”

The elephants were successfully introduced to their new home at 4AM. Since arriving at the sanctuary, they have already begun making friends with their fellow pachyderms – which is particularly exciting due to how it can be difficult for elephants to form social bonds with new additions to a herd.

(WATCH the heartwarming video below)

Walk This Sweet Story Over To Your Friends By Sharing It To Social Media…With the flowers blooming and the weather getting warmer, these wildlife rescuers have been struggling to accommodate all of the injured and orphaned baby songbirds that arrive at their shelter.

Last month, the Carolina Waterfowl Rescue of Charlotte, North Carolina posted a plea for help on their Facebook page. With the influx of rescued birds during nesting season, they asked their readers to send in knitted nests for the chicks.

Staffers say that since nesting season is always their busiest time of year, their shelter will often take in as many as 3,000 birds in need of care.

LOOK: With Only 147 of World’s Fattest Parrots Left, This Year’s Baby Boom Has Left Researchers Positively Squawking

If the chicks aren’t able to properly mature from the safety of a nest, then they will grow up to have splayed legs.

Upon posting their request to Facebook, however, it was shared hundreds of times. The shelter quickly became flooded with thousands of hand-knitted nests, messages of encouragement, and greeting cards from all over the country.

Needless to say, the rescue workers have been delighted by the response, and they have encouraged readers to continue sending the nests.

“We could always use a [few] more and even if we don’t use them, we can send them to other people who we know that does need them,” shelter wildlife rehab specialist Bayleigh MacHaffie told WGRZ.

Additionally, MacHaffie says that all of the staffers are always excited to read each and every letter from their donors.

RELATED: Scientists Praise 96-Year-old for His Hobby of Saving Dwindling Bluebird Populations

“It really makes it a personal experience,” she told the news outlet. “It is a huge relief for us to get in these things and I mean you’re helping us. So we would love to be able to sort of see who’s on the other side of this nest and know you’re appreciated.”

If anyone is shy about their knitting capabilities, the shelter says that they are always looking for volunteers to help feed the birds since the chicks require round-the-clock care.

The shelter also relies on donations to help pay for their bird food and rehabilitation expenses.

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photo by Carolina Waterfowl Rescue

Fly This Story Over To Your Friends By Sharing It To Social Media…Some people might say that dogs are man’s best friend, but this jersey cow might be the exception.

Australian dairy farmer Phillip Hughes has developed a surprisingly strong bond with a doting heifer named Vera in his herd.

Hughes, who lives on a farm in Edith Creek, North West Tasmania, says that he can always recognize her because she is constantly running in the opposite direction of the herd so she can stay by his side during his rounds.

LOOK: Service Dog Who Can Fetch Food, Clothing, and Pay for Shopping Has Transformed This Woman’s Life

Every morning when she trots up to Hughes, he says “Allo, Vera” – and she has answered to the nickname ever since.

“Some lady said [Vera] loves me, and I said no, I think she thinks I’m her calf,” chuckled Hughes in the ABC News interview. “And the way she talks is just like a cow with her own calf. I can’t understand cow language, but it’s the noises she makes, you know?”

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by ABC Northern Tasmania

Be Sure And Share The Moooooving Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Emerson the puppy was only 6 weeks old when he was dumped at an animal shelter and left to fight for his life against a host of health issues.

Staffers at the NFR Maine animal shelter in North Monmouth, Maine say that in addition to being deaf, the puppy suffered from seizures and canine parvovirus, a highly contagious viral illness.

Despite his struggles, Emerson underwent treatment for the disease and pulled through.

The shelter made a Facebook post about the black Labrador mix in hopes of finding him the perfect home. Several people contacted the shelter to express their interest in adopting Emerson, but when they were eventually contacted by Nick Abbott, staffers knew it was a match made in heaven.

WATCH: This 2-Year-Old Deaf Girl Loves People – So Her Whole Neighborhood is Learning Sign Language

31-year-old Abbott says that he was particularly moved by Emerson’s story on social media because he too is deaf.

“Nick said he was interested in meeting Emerson because they would understand each other, being that they both share the same hearing difficulties,” the shelter wrote on Facebook. “When Nick and his mom walked into the house to meet Emerson, Emerson made a direct line for Nick and sat at his feet.

“That’s all it took. I was sold that this was fate, and these two belonged to each other.”

Abbott and Emerson have now been living with each other for three months, and their relationship is melting hearts across social media. Abbott says that he has been teaching sign language to his canine companion so they can communicate with each other. Just one week after Emerson moved into his new home, Abbott said he already knew the sign for “sit”.

LOOK: 15-Year-old Melts the Hearts of Airline Passengers When She Befriends Blind and Deaf Passenger

“Emerson learned sign language very quickly and it did not take long for him to understand. Good training is the key to a good dog,” Abbott told Pretty52. “So far Emerson knows how to sit, lay down, stay, come and we are currently working on shake.”

Needless to say, the shelter has been delighted by the duo’s success.

“This boy deserved nothing short of a fairy tale ending and that is EXACTLY what he got!!” wrote the shelter. “This will go down in history as one of my all time favorite adoptions stories.”

Be Sure And Share The Pawsome Story With Your Friends On Social Media…The world’s fattest and only flightless species of parrot has just enjoyed an astonishing baby boom – and conservationists are thrilled.

Though they used to be one of the most common birds of New Zealand, there are only 147 adult kākāpō alive today.

The species was previously thought to be extinct until a small population was found on an island south of the country’s mainland in the 1970s. Over the course of the following decades, their population incrementally increased from 18 birds in 1977 to 50 in the mid-1990s, according to The Guardian.

Kākāpō only breed every two to four years, when rimu trees produce fruit in what’s known as a mast year. The last mast year, in 2016, saw a record 34 birds added to the population.

RELATED: World’s Second Largest Coral Reef Has Just Been Removed From Endangered List

This month, however, scientists were delighted by the arrival of 76 new chicks – which is more than double the previous record number of hatchlings.

“It’s absolutely huge, it’s massive,” Dr. Andrew Digby, a science advisor to the Department of Conservation’s kākāpō recovery program, told The Guardian.

“In the last two seasons there have been huge quantities of fruit not seen for 50 years, so that’s why all of the female kākāpō know it is time to breed, and actually started much earlier than usual, meaning some have now been able to nest twice.”

LOOK: Endangered Parrots Won’t Stop Messing With Traffic Cones So the Cheeky Birds Have Been Given Their Own Roadside Gyms

A temporary hand-rearing facility was set up in Invercargill to help care for this season’s most vulnerable chicks, providing a rare opportunity for people to see a kākāpō before they were returned to their predator- and pest-free island homes.

In previous years, public viewings were held over longer periods, but with the chicks and their mothers doing so well on the islands, the facility was not required for the same length of time this year.

“Kākāpō are [a cultural treasure] for all New Zealanders and we are so excited to share their success with the public this year,” says kākāpō advocacy ranger Bronnie Jeynes.

“With all the rimu fruit available the chicks are really thriving on the islands this year. For the first time in recent memory we’ve been able to put three chicks in one nest! It’s a hugely exciting time.”

(WATCH this kākāpō’s adorable happy dance in the video below)

I talk about the #conservation of two of the world's rarest and most unusual birds. Come for the weird bird videos and pics; stay for the science! #kakapo #takahe #NZ pic.twitter.com/qVhrRYzMiw — Dr Andrew Digby (@takapodigs) October 12, 2018

Fly The Good News Over To Your Friends By Sharing It To Social Media – Feature photo by Don Merton / Department of Conservation (NZ)This lucky pup has been given a second leash on life after she was found swimming in the middle of the ocean 135 miles from shore.

Workers aboard an oil rig were stunned to see the exhausted Aspin paddling through the waters in the Gulf of Thailand last week.

Upon calling out to the dog, she swam over to the ship and took shelter on the metal bars of the ship. Workers then managed to secure a rope around the waist of the dog and pull her onto the deck.

Khon Vitisak, the worker who rescued the dog, told The Daily Mail: “We found her trying to swim towards our rig, which is about 135 miles from the shore. Thankfully, the sea was quite still because the wind was calm.

LOOK: Five Days After Disappearing, Dog is Finally Found and Rescued From Underground Rabbit Hole

“We just saw her small head but if the ripples were bigger, I think we probably wouldn’t have noticed her at all,” he added.

While the oil rig workers radioed for help, they built a makeshift cage for the dog and gave her food and water so she could recover her strength.

She was eventually brought to a veterinarian in Songkhla, southern Thailand – and despite being found in the ocean, she was in surprisingly good health and animal rescue workers named her Boonrod.

No one has been able to figure out how Boonrod ended up at sea – but if no one comes forward to claim her, Vitisak says that he will be happy to adopt her as his own.

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Viral Press

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Story With Your Friends On Social Media…This elderly dog may be gone, but her owners are honoring her in the most heartwarming way.

Gretchen the German shepherd always used to look forward to seeing her mailman Fernando Barboza arrive at her door – so when she passed away earlier this month, her owners presented the postal worked with a note and a bag of dog treats.

The note read: “Gretchen passed away yesterday. She asked me to ask you if you would share her treats that she never got to finish with the other dogs on your route. She always enjoyed seeing you come to the door and was always happy to get a snack from you. Thank you, the Cimino Family.”

Barboza was so touched by the note, he sent a picture of it to his 22-year-old daughter, which she immediately published to Twitter.

My dad is a mailman and he likes to give dogs on his route treats. Today he told us one of the dogs on his route passed away and his owners gave him this bag of treats with this note 😭 pic.twitter.com/JA46PU60a4 — eyelean (@amorningsting) April 1, 2019

Since Barboza’s daughter published the photo at the start of April, it has been shared hundreds of thousands of times.

A self-admitted animal lover, Barboza told The Dodo that he has always carried around a bag of dog treats in his mail truck so he can use them to make friends with the pups on his route.

RELATED: Stray Pup in Nepal Follows Mountain Climbers to The Top in Amazing Feat – Maybe The World Record for a Dog

He then goes on to say that these treats were part of the reason that he became the first person outside of the Cimino family who Gretchen liked.

So as a means of honoring his furry friend, Barboza has been sure to dole out the treats in her honor.

Thank you. I know she’s up in heaven looking pleased with herself just like this. I’m hoping her story will get people to see that adopting older rescues is well worth it. pic.twitter.com/7t6b1X67VJ — DeCuervo (@DeCuervo2) April 5, 2019

Though Gretchen’s owners say that they had been heartbroken over their dog’s passing, the sudden outpouring of love and support from social media users has helped to ease their sorrows.

My wife and I were told about Gretchen’s letter to Fernando being on Twitter. I can’t begin to tell y’all how much it has meant to us seeing how much love and support y’all have shown our girl. She was the absolute best. This is a short video of her seeing her mailman. pic.twitter.com/uK9Y2BtKtO — DeCuervo (@DeCuervo2) April 4, 2019

Be Sure And Share This Pawesome Story With Your Friends On Social Media…This Border Collie is about to get its own superhero movie after it came to the rescue of its canine friend earlier this week.

In an astonishing video that was captured by a nearby surveillance camera, a Canadian woman can be seen playing fetch with her three dogs in the snowy front yard of her home in Gaspé City, Québec.

After they finished playing with the ball, the woman gets into her car and starts to pull out of her driveway – and she was later horrified to see that she almost hit her Chihuahua in the process.

WATCH: When Two Dogs Became Trapped in Ice, the Perfect Russian Rescuer Happened to Be Walking By

Except just as the tiny pup started to walk into the path of the car, the woman’s Border Collie can be seen sprinting to the rescue.

Quick as a flash, the collie dashed across the yard and plucked the Chihuahua from out of harm’s way.

Upon catching a bit of the commotion in her mirror, the woman gets out of her car and is relieved to find that both of her dogs are safe and sound – and it was all thanks to the quick actions of her guardian canine.

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Jukin Media

Be Sure And Share The Pawesome Video With Your Friends On Social Media…Reprinted with permission from World At Large, a news website of nature, science, health, and travel.

It has been 127 years since California condors were seen in the wilderness of the Pacific Northwest – but that’s about to change thanks to this exciting new initiative.

The US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) is planning to introduce a small group of condors to northern California, northwest Nevada and across the state of Oregon as a means of developing a stable, non-essential population in the wild.

The California condor, which is the largest land bird in North America, was placed on the endangered species list on March 11th, 1967. Due to the species suffering from lead poisoning, a severe population bottleneck, and a loss of genetic diversity, all remaining wild condors were captured. By 1987, the condor existed only in captivity.

RELATED: Over 1 Million Gardeners Have United to Create Global Network of Greenery That Nourishes Bees and Butterflies

Thankfully, conservationists have slowly been reintroducing the exquisite bird back into the wild. As of December 2017, there were 290 California condors in the wild, divided among the four release areas: Central California (90 condors); southern California (80 condors); northern Arizona and southern Utah (82 condors); and the Sierra de San Pedro Mártir release site in Baja California (38 condors). At the same time, there were only 463 condors in the world.

However, there hasn’t been a specimen in the proposed northwest area since 1892, and a considerable distance lies between the experimental population and currently existing groups of condors.

Based on section 10 of the Endangered Species Act, an animal must be entirely separated from existing wild populations in order to be reintroduced into a part of its historic range where it is currently absent.

But such efforts are an ideal way to increase species resiliency since separated populations reduce the risk of certain events threatening the species’ existence.

LOOK: California is Finally Drought-Free After 7 Years and They’re Being Rewarded With a Butterfly Boom

There are frequent ongoing releases of captive California condors into each of the wild populations. Plenty of hard work is put into these reintroduction efforts by the breeding centers, and releases are carefully coordinated among the different sites in order to ensure a healthy age structure, sex ratio, and distribution of founder genomes.

If commissioned and approved, this more recent reintroduction effort would likely start with small groups of breeding pairs, varying in size based on captive-bred numbers, to be released annually into Redwood National Park and allowed to spread north and east as the population grows.

The page on the FWS website is open until early June for public commenting, and members of the public are free to use the organization’s post office and electronic mailing addresses for input.

Be Sure And Fly This Story Over To Your Friends On Social Media…This group of surfers was treated to a stunning sight last week after they were joined by some unlikely companions.

This breathtaking drone footage captures the moment a pod of dolphins cruise into the path of some surfers off the coast of Australia.

The video, which was filmed by Shaun Petersen, shows dozens of the cetaceans gliding through the water on a small ocean wave that carries them, and surfers, past the shore.

Since Petersen posted it to Instagram, it has been viewed thousands of times.

RELATED: ‘Never seen anything like it’: Watch Ferry Passenger’s Stunning Footage of 200 Frolicking Dolphins

“What a show they did put on!” wrote Petersen.

“One of my favorite video captures to date!”

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Shaun Petersen

You Should Dolphinately Share This Breathtaking Clip on Your Newsfeeds…This is Milo. He can’t believe he was hit by a snowball in April. Way too late for such frigid nonsense. 13/10 would chilly boop pic.twitter.com/BZaOn0tlqS — WeRateDogs™ (@dog_rates) April 16, 2019

Before Matt Nelson had millions of online followers and subscribers, he was just a guy who loved dogs; three years later, he has used his love of canine companions to save the lives of dozens of pups.

When Nelson was just a freshman in college, he started a “We Rate Dogs” Twitter account so he could post pictures of cute dogs and rate them on a 10/10 scale.

That being said, Nelson has given every single dog on his channel a 10/10 rating – “because they’re all better than perfect.”

WATCH: When Two Dogs Became Trapped in Ice, the Perfect Russian Rescuer Happened to Be Walking By

“Dogs have always been a part of my life,” Nelson told GoFundMe. “When I was a bored college freshman and wanted to start a new thing, I knew that most people shared this love of dogs with me, so why not create an account that embraced that?”

Since starting with several thousand followers, his Twitter account has accumulated 8 million subscribers.

Some people might settle for internet fame, but as Nelson became more and more familiar with canine friends, he found an opportunity to use his passion project for good.

This is Cricket. Back in September, you guys raised all the money for his surgery. I finally got to meet him and his friends, and we wanted to thank you for being part of a community that’s contributed over $500k for dogs in need. He insisted all of you receive honorary 15/10s pic.twitter.com/Pzr1b5jBbH — WeRateDogs™ (@dog_rates) April 11, 2019

“In mid-2016, there were four dog – three pugs and an older yellow lab –who always dressed up for the holidays,” says Nelson. “Their owner would make a whole backdrop and dress them up, and she sent me a photo for every holiday.

“Then, I learned that one of them needed a doggie wheelchair. I think he was 12 years old and struggling a little bit. It was $400 or $500 for the wheelchair, so his owner started a GoFundMe.”

Since Nelson figured that his followers were familiar with the sweet pups, he shared the crowdfunding campaign in hopes of helping to raise money for the the wheelchair. Within hours, their followers donated enough money to meet the crowdfunding goal.

This is Bulleit. He was born with a back deformity compressing his spinal cord. As he grows it will continue to paralyze his hind end. He does a very good job with his acupuncture, but needs surgery to live a long happy life. You can help him below. 13/10https://t.co/WeQkEfAqD0 pic.twitter.com/8fshzwlD61 — WeRateDogs™ (@dog_rates) April 12, 2019

Inspired by his followers’ dedication, Nelson continued to share GoFundMe campaigns for the pups on his page – and every single time, his followers helped the campaigns to meet their goals.

LOOK: Five Days After Disappearing, Dog is Finally Found and Rescued From Underground Rabbit Hole

“These were dogs that people weren’t familiar with until they read their stories, but they just attached themselves to it and raised the money,” said Nelson. “In that first year, we shared one with a goal of over $10k – so this was the post where I thought, ‘If we don’t make it, it’s okay’ – but within 24 hours, that goal was hit.”

In 2017, Nelson committed to consistently sharing canine-related crowdfunding goals. To date, he has helped 88 different campaigns meet their goals, raising over $552,000 in donations.

This is Paisley. She’s been diagnosed with chylothorax, a condition causing fluid buildup around her heart and lungs. She underwent a massive four-part surgery yesterday, and could really use your support. You can help the best girl beat this below. 13/10https://t.co/1NFyE96rU1 pic.twitter.com/mHMUdB1lHo — WeRateDogs™ (@dog_rates) April 5, 2019

“I’d like to think that if anyone else had this audience, they would do the same. Hopefully I’ve taken it and done the best I’ve could with it, but it’s been wild for sure,” said Nelson.

“If you believe in a cause, I’m sure a quick Google search can get you to where that cause is being elevated. And if you’re really invested in it, you can find a way to get it done.”

(LISTEN to Nelson’s interview below) – Photo by Matt Nelson

Be Sure And Share The Pawesome Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Most people would be reluctant to sift through mounds of city garbage just to help a stranger – but that’s exactly what two compassionate sanitation workers did for a man who accidentally threw his wallet into the trash.

Last week, Avrohom Levitt had the sinking realization that his wallet had gotten mixed in with some garbage he had thrown into a New York City trash bin.

Thankfully, Levitt keeps a GPS-tracker inside of his wallet so he can find it in case it gets lost. Upon discovering that a garbage truck had already emptied the trash bin, he called the sanitation department and reported his emergency.

The garbage truck was pulled out of rotation so that it wouldn’t pick up any more trash; but by the time Levitt was able to stop by the sanitation department after they reopened on Monday, he still had to sort through 2,000 pounds worth of trash and filth.

LOOK: Mom Snaps Viral Picture of a Cable Technician Comforting Her Disabled Son While He Fixes the Internet

It was like searching for “a needle in a haystack” – but luckily for him, he was joined by Louis Guglielmetti, a New York City Sanitation Department supervisor

“I’ve found everything from jewelry to passports,” Guglielmetti told WCBS with a laugh. “I’m finding stuff in the garbage for the last seven years, so I’m good at it.”

After just 15 minutes of searching through the trash, Guglielmetti found the wallet.

RELATED: Stranger Drives 7 Hours Straight So Couple on the Side of the Road Can Be With Dying Mother

Levitt was particularly grateful for the help because he had been preparing for a trip to Poland this week. Now that he has been reunited with his wallet, he can travel with the comfort of knowing he has his credit cards and his renewed faith in humanity.

“More than finding my wallet, was appreciating the amazing job the sanitation workers do,” Levitt told the news outlet.

Guglielmetti, on the other hand, simply smiled and said: “We want people to know we’re there for them.”

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photo by WCBS

Clean Up Negativity By Sharing This Inspiring Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Rather than advertising a yard sale or car wash, this compassionate guy spent his Saturday holding up a sign for a lost dog he found running in and out of traffic.

40-year-old Jason Gasparik first spotted Roxy the chocolate Labrador when he was driving back to his home in Charlotte, North Carolina the night before. Due to the dog’s frantic state, it took Gasparik and several other good Samaritans an entire hour to calm her down enough to get her into his car.

He then brought the pup back to his home and posted photos of her to several social media outlets and community websites for lost pets. He even took her to a 24-hour veterinary office to see if she was microchipped – but all to no avail.

When all of this failed to find Roxy’s owner, Gasparik did the only other thing he could think to do: he grabbed a piece of cardboard, a magic marker, and made a sign.

LOOK: Matches Made in Heaven (and Jail) – Look at the Troubled Dogs Saved From Euthanasia by Doting Inmates

“Saturday morning I was sitting there with her thinking ‘what else could I do?’” Gasparik told PEOPLE. “So like a total dork, I made my sign and went to stand out on the sidewalk with her.”

For three hours, Gasparik stood on the corner of a local intersection with a sign reading “Do you know this lost dog????” followed by several arrows pointing to the happy hound.

Not all heroes wear capes. ???This man is standing on the street in Ballantyne looking for this lost dog’s owner. @wcnc



Pup was found on Ballantyne Commons Pkwy(Photo: Eben Patten) pic.twitter.com/LCW9JPTlCL — Meilin Tompkins (@MeilinTompkins) March 3, 2019

Over the course of his vigil, Gasparik said he received a lot of attention from passing drivers – but when a photographer snapped a photo of him with the sign and posted it to social media, his phone became flooded with messages.

Meanwhile, a man named Ed was anxiously driving across town with the windows down, calling Roxy’s name in hopes she was nearby. Because of his back problems, Ed can’t walk very well. After Roxy had gone missing from his home on Thursday, he was forced to search for her from the driver’s seat of his car.

RELATED: Dog Saves Its Owner’s Life When It Sniffs Out Cancer, Not Once, But Three Times

But as fate would have it, Ed saw a woman walking her dog on the sidewalk and he asked her if she had seen Roxy.

The woman had, in fact, seen Gasparik’s social media posts, which led her to pull up a picture of Roxy and confirm that Ed was the owner. She then sent a message to Gasparik saying that she had found Roxy’s rightful companion.

Gasparik later met with Ed in a parking lot, and Roxy was delighted to be reunited with her human.

“As soon as Roxy saw him, her ears perked up and she ran to him and he had all the paperwork to show that he was the owner,” said Gasparick. “And of course he had tons of pictures of her on his cellphone.”

LOOK: For Years, This IKEA Has Been Quietly Welcoming Stray Dogs Off the Streets So They Can Sleep Inside

Though Gasparick managed to complete his rescue mission, he says that he plans on staying in contact with Ed so he can volunteer to walk Roxy in lieu of the senior’s back problems.

Gasparick also mentioned that his social media photo has prompted a slew of women to ask him out on dates – but as of right now, he says he plans on waiting for the media frenzy around Roxy to die down before he considers getting involved with another girl.

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Feature photos by Jason Gasparik

Be Sure And Share The Pawesome Rescue Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Five teenagers are being hailed as heroes after they came to the rescue of an 8-year-old boy who was dangling from a ski lift earlier this week.

Video footage of the rescue at Grouse Mountain in Vancouver, Canada shows a man – who is presumed to be the boy’s father – hanging onto the youngster’s arms from underneath the lift’s safety rail.

As anxious skiers watched the situation unfold, a group of teenagers jumped into action by grabbing a piece of netting and holding it underneath the boy.

RELATED: When Parents Accidentally Lock Keys in Their Car With Infant Daughter, Group of Inmates Offer Their Skills

Gabriel Nielson, one of the teenagers who facilitated the rescue mission, told Global News that it took some time to convince the boy to kick off his skis and fall into the netting – but after some coaxing, the boy finally let go of his father and fell safely into the plastic hammock 20 feet below.

“At one point, we were just like, ‘OK, you just need to trust us, you just need to drop,” said Nielson. “And so then he dropped, and we caught him.”

The boy was unharmed by the fall, but he was still taken to a nearby hospital as a precaution. Though ski mountain officials are unaware of how the boy ended up in the harrowing predicament, they are giving the teen rescuers free season ski passes as rewards for their actions.

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Carolina Prada Akoglu

Be Sure And Share The Cool Rescue Story With Your Friends On Social Media…Though older generations may be quick to scoff over the use of social media, a mother and daughter were recently rescued from their crashed car thanks to Snapchat.

38-year-old Gemma Fairweather and her 7-year-old daughter Martha were left teetering on the edge of a water-filled embankment after their car veered off of a country lane in England earlier this month.

The traumatizing incident happened just after 10pm while Fairweather was driving from Lowestoft, Suffolk to her home in Wymondham, Norfolk.

Fairweather had just dipped her headlights for an oncoming car when her Citroen ran off the road and rolled down a verge, narrowly missing a cluster of trees that took out the left wing mirror and smashed the passenger window.

MORE: After Days Spent Lost in Freezing Rain, Rescued 3-Year-old Thanks a Bear for Allegedly Keeping Him Safe

Fairweather then contacted her boyfriend, Graham Potts, who lives just five minutes away from the crash site in Lowestoft. She asked him to call emergency services and help them escape, but the car was hidden from the road.

What followed was a frantic 20-minute search during which the stranded car could not be found by rescue crews.

“I was calling the emergency services and was giving the road name and my location according to [navigation] but they were on a completely different road,” said Fairweather. “Cars were driving past us, completely unaware that we were there. Honking the horn and flashing my lights was doing nothing.

Thankfully, Potts’s son Sam had the bright idea to use his Snapchat app in order to track down the mother-daughter duo.

Using the app’s geo-location Snap Map tool, the 15-year-old managed to pinpoint Fairweather’s exact location and alert emergency responders to her whereabouts.

RELATED: When Teacher Sees Boy Cycling Down the Highway, She Turns Around and Helps to Save His Dad’s Life

“When Sam said to use Snapchat, I sent him message saying ‘can you see me?’ and then Graham was on the phone to emergency services guiding them to us,” said Fairweather. “The fire engines were only able to see the car because they were higher up and could see over the verge.

“It was very dramatic. The window had broken on Martha’s side and I could see the river through her window as we were teetering on the edge of the verge.

“It was absolutely freezing and it was pitch black. It felt like we were there for a lifetime but I called Graham at 10:10 and we were out the car at about 10:50.

“It was incredible how we were rescued by just a simple app.

LOOK: Frozen Cat That Was Found Unresponsive, Buried in Snow Makes Miraculous Recovery

“Martha was absolutely terrified – she said things to me that will stay with me for the rest of my life, but she was incredibly brave.”

The country lane has no barrier or street lights and Fairweather said she had no idea how lucky they were until they saw the car in the sunlight the following day.

“We couldn’t get out because the car would have toppled over,” says Fairweather. “It was epic really. We’re very lucky.

“I can’t thank the emergency services enough – they were incredible.”

Fairweather has warned motorists to be careful while driving in bad weather, adding on Facebook: “Note to self, never take the back roads.”

Save Your Friends From Negativity By Sharing The Good News To Social Media…Ryan Belcher may not have green skin, but after he used his strength to rescue an injured man from a crashed car last week, people have started calling him “The Hulk”.

The 29-year-old powerlifter owns a gym in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Thanks to a strict regimen of working out five days a week, he is capable of dead-lifting and bench-pressing hundreds of pounds – but his muscles were put to the real test when he heard a crash outside his gym.

Belcher saw a crowd gathering around two cars, one of which was a Jeep Cherokee that had completely flipped upside down. As he got closer to the crash scene, he saw that there was a man with half his body pinned underneath the overturned vehicle.

There were already four men struggling to shift the SUV so they could free the driver, but to no avail.

RELATED: UPS Driver Hailed a Hero for Following His Gut and He Hopes Other Drivers Will Do the Same

“From there, I just kind of got tunnel vision,” Belcher told MLive. “And then I grabbed the back, where the window was smashed out and lifted up and started pushing.”

Belcher managed to move the 2-ton car just enough so that the man could be freed. Paramedics then arrived on the scene and transported the man and the other driver to the hospital.

Later the same week, Belcher went to go meet the man and wish him a speedy recovery – and their introduction was an emotional one.

MORE: Kidnapper Got More Than He Bargained for When He Chased Woman into Karate Dojo

Belcher says that eight different nurses at the hospital gave him hugs and handshakes, praising him for his heroism. The driver, 36-year-old Montrell Tinsley, tearfully thanked Belcher for saving his life and insisted that he would visit the powerlifter’s gym once he was back on his feet again. Belcher, equally emotional, told Tinsley that he was just happy he was okay.

Despite still having tubes in his side to drain his internal bleeding, Tinsley is expected to recover. Though Belcher is humble about being called a hero, he says that he is happy for his new nickname.

“I like being called the Hulk – my son’s favorite is the Hulk and he always says ‘my daddy is the Hulk’,” Belcher told WXYZ. “To say I’m a hero, I don’t know. I’m glad to have been there and I was put there for a reason.”

(WATCH the interview below) – Photo by Ryan Belcher

Watch the latest video at foxnews.com

Lift The Burden Of Negativity By Sharing This Inspiring Story With Your Friends On Social Media….@NYCAudubon @wildbirdfund @NYCACC @nyc311 There is a hawk sitting on Front Street close to the corner of Front and Wall. He’s been there for a while and might need special care! pic.twitter.com/Pz4bCbQAZW — Madeleine Lilia (@freechampagne) February 19, 2019

When it comes to birds online, we usually only gawk,

But social media, this time, helped rescue an injured hawk.

It all started when Madeleine Weatherhead was walking to work through downtown Manhattan in New York City, when she saw an adult female raptor standing on the sidewalk in front of a restaurant.

“The bird looked disoriented. It was staring off and wasn’t even paying attention to the fact that there were people close to it,” Weatherhead told The New York Post.

MORE: One Cat’s Obsession With Hunting Birds Leads to Invention That Has Saved Hundreds of Thousands

When the 27-year-old Brooklyn woman spoke to the restaurant staffers, they said that they believed the bird had become stunned from flying into the window.

Weatherbread then called the Animal Care Center of NYC only to have the line go straight to voicemail. Since she didn’t want to leave the raptor on the sidewalk, she snapped a photo of the bird and posted it to social media asking for help.

In addition to several viewers responding with contact suggestions for various animal rescue organizations in New York City, the Wild Bird Fund retweeted the photo of the hawk and tagged NYPD’s first precinct police officers.

You guys are my bird heroes. He’s still sitting out there, and I learned from the folks inside the Westville that he flew into the window pretty hard. — Madeleine Lilia (@freechampagne) February 19, 2019

Shortly after the Wild Bird Fund retweeted the photo, Officers Maxwell Outsen and Joseph Bellomo arrived on the scene with an animal crate and rescue kit.

The officers managed to wrap the injured bird in a blanket and tuck it safely into the crate before transporting it to the Wild Bird Fund facility.

Another prime example of the Police & the community working together: Thanks to information from @freechampagne & @wildbirdfund, we were able to safely assist a Hawk who was apparently injured & stranded. Special thanks to @NYPDSpecialops for the back! pic.twitter.com/qKplTqJja1 — NYPD 1st Precinct (@NYPD1Pct) February 19, 2019

Rescuers say that the red-tailed hawk was likely injured in an aerial fight with another raptor.

The red-tailed hawk is recovering from its injuries and if its health fails to improve, rescuers say it will be transported to the Raptor Trust in New Jersey.

Fly This Story To Your Friends and Rescue Their Social Media Feeds…It’s a police officer’s job to protect and serve – but Kevin Briggs never thought that his job would lead him to save over 200 people from committing suicide.

Briggs has been dubbed the “Guardian of the Golden Gate Bridge” because of his awe-inspiring history of talking people down from the edge of the historic landmark.

The Golden Gate Bridge is one of the world’s most notorious spots for suicide attempts. Briggs, who is a California Highway Patrol officer, was first stationed on the bridge in 1994 – but he says that he had never been trained on how to handle suicidal people.

As he encountered more and more distraught individuals, however, he began to pick up more and more strategies on how he could talk to them efficiently. Whenever he successfully managed to coax someone off of the ledge, he would ask them about which parts of his approach were helpful and which ones weren’t.

RELATED: Beer Deliveryman Prevents Suicide on a Bridge By Offering a Cold One—While Channeling Denzel Washington

“I think my approach right from the start was wrong,” Briggs told CBC in an interview. “Just to walk right up to those folks and start talking with them. Now what I do is I stand back and I’ll just introduce myself. I’ll say ‘Hi I’m Kevin’ or ‘I’m Kevin with the Highway Patrol, is it okay, is it alright if I come up and speak with you for a bit?’ I want to get their permission and empower them.”

One his most notable encounters was with a man named Kevin Berthia back in 2005. At the time, Berthia was a 22-year-old who was drowning in medical bills from caring for his prematurely-born infant daughter. In the midst of his depression, Berthia climbed onto the edge of the bridge and prepared to take his own life – and then he was approached by Briggs.

Briggs later said that the man seemed angry with him – but in an interview with NPR, Berthia told him otherwise.

MORE: Police Officer Vaults Over 30-Foot Overpass in Order to Save Suicidal Boy

“I was just mad at myself for being in that situation and I was embarrassed,” Berthia said. “But somehow the compassion in your voice is what allowed me to kinda let my guard down enough for us to have a conversation.

“We talked for 92 minutes about everything that I was dealing with. My daughter, her first birthday was the next month. And you made me see that if nothing else, I need to live for her.”

Out of all of Briggs’s encounters on the bridge, Berthia is one of the only people who he has stayed in contact with over the years. Briggs retired from the CHP in 2013, and he now works in suicide prevention and mental health awareness. Sometimes, Berthia even joins him for speaking events.

CHECK OUT: Homeless Man Becomes a Hero After Saving Woman Who Jumped From Bridge

On top of all of this, Briggs hopes that his legacy on the Golden Gate Bridge will inspire other people to take depression more seriously – whether it’s in themselves or their loved ones.

“It takes a lot of courage to be over that rail,” Briggs told CBC. “It takes a lot of courage. But it also takes a lot of courage to come back and face the reality that is with them right now. But there is a brighter side to this, and it can happen, and it might take a long time and a lot of work. But life is beautiful and, you know, it is worth living.”

If you want to learn more about Briggs’s career, you can buy his autobiography or watch his critically-acclaimed TED talk below.

Build Up Some Positivity With Your Friends By Sharing The Inspirational Story To Social Media – Photo by Kevin BriggsTodd Holland is being hailed as a hero for listening to his instincts earlier this week – and he hopes his rescue story will inspire other delivery workers to do the same.

Holland works as a UPS delivery driver in Ashe County, North Carolina. As he was dropping off a package for one of his customers, he noticed that another package which he had delivered a few days previously was still outside the front door.

That’s when Holland said that he knew in his gut that something was wrong. He then began pounding on the door and yelling for an answer. When he tried to open the door and found that it was unlocked, he entered the house and found the homeowner lying on the floor.

Holland dialed 911 and waited with the man until paramedics arrived. Though he has not been able to speak with the homeowner since he was taken to the hospital, the compassionate delivery driver has been helping to look after the man’s dog and house while he is treated.

RELATED: After Days Spent Lost in Freezing Rain, Rescued 3-Year-old Thanks a Bear for Allegedly Keeping Him Safe

Holland now hopes that his story will inspire other delivery drivers to show the same amount of care and attention to their customers.

“I made it a point to tell the guys at work this morning, if you deliver to people – and a lot of people that we deliver to, especially in these rural areas, us, the FedEx man and the mail man might be the only people they see during the week,” Hollad told WXII. “I told them, if you realize and get a gut feeling that something is wrong, check it out. It probably is.”

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photo by WXII

Be Sure And Deliver The Good News To Your Friends On Social MediaAmidst record-breaking polar temperatures in the Midwest, a compassionate stranger paid for 70 homeless people to stay in a hotel.

Though Chicago city officials have urged their homeless residents to stay in proper shelters and warming centers, a group of rough sleepers in the South Side chose to stay in their tented encampment.

Firefighters were called to the campsite on Wednesday – the second coldest day in Chicago’s history – when a propane tank exploded. No one was injured, but law enforcement officials discovered over 100 propane tanks in the encampment— a Level 1 Hazmat risk.

“There was a significant amount of propane there,” Fire Chief Walter Schroeder told The Chicago Tribune. “And with that many cylinders, that’s like a bomb going off.”

The responders were forced to confiscate the propane, which left the homeless citizens without heating in –20ºF (–22ºC) temperatures. City officials contacted staffers at the local Salvation Army warming center in order to accommodate the at-risk residents, but then a woman named Candice Payne stepped up, and took out her credit card.

Shortly after reaching out to the Salvation Army, city workers notified the staffers that she had paid for a large block of hotel rooms to house 70 homeless people until the end of the week.

RELATED: Montreal Turns Iconic Hospital into Shelter for Homeless People and Their Pets So No One Sleeps in the Cold

Not only that, after she tweeted about it, and several other Good Samaritans stepped forward to donate more money for more rooms. Together, they were able to buy shelter for 80 people for 3 nights. Candice and her new crew also bought food to distribute to the rooms.

UPDATE: Watch the latest video from CBS-2 – File photo by Akasped, CC

If This Story Warmed Your Heart, Be Sure And Share It With Your Friends On Social MediaA pharmacist has been going above and beyond the call of duty in order to ensure that her customers have access to their medication.

Andrea Cusack works at the Lake Odessa Pharmacy in Michigan. Though the pharmacy regularly runs a free delivery service for their customers, they were recently forced to rethink their delivery tactics after a snowstorm left several of their clients stranded in their homes.

Instead of allowing these people to forego their life-saving medications, however, Cusack and her 15-year-old son fired up their snowmobile and delivered the medications themselves.

RELATED: Unnamed Good Samaritan Pays for Hotel Rooms to House 70 Homeless People During Polar Vortex

Cusack’s husband posted a photo of the dynamic dup on the snowmobile to social media where it received an outpouring of praise from appreciative readers – and Cusack was overwhelmed with gratitude for the encouragement.

“I can’t believe it. I truly care about people,” Cusack tearfully told WXMI. “I want to help them and to see the response around the community is overwhelming.

“We’re here to serve our community, and if somebody needs our help getting something we’re going to help ‘em,” she added.

(WATCH the heartwarming news coverage below)

Don’t Give This Sweet Story The Cold Shoulder – Share It With Your Friends On Social MediaUPDATE: January 19, 2019 – This story has come under scrutiny from the US military since publishing, after the soldier admitted lying about the incident.

“The entire 1st Armored Division and Fort Bliss team sincerely apologize to the Texas Department of Public Safety, Texas Highway Patrol, the city of Sweetwater, Texas, the city of El Paso, the University of Texas at El Paso, the New Orleans Saints, the local and national media and the American people,” Payne said in a release.

___________

You might enjoy some other military stories:

KINDNESS: When Mom is Whisked to Hospital After Kitchen Accident, Firefighters Stay Behind to Take Care of Things

SASS: Kidnapper Got More Than He Bargained for When He Chased Woman into Karate Dojo

INTEGRITY: Instead of Running, These Inmates Rush to Aid Their Supervisor Who Collapsed From Stroke Along a Roadside

HERO: Fearless Uber Driver Stops Mid-Trip to Scoop Up Injured Hawk and Save It From the Highway

– Photo by Staff Sgt. Killo GibsonThis 43-year-old athlete is not just being praised for successfully completing a marathon – she is also being praised for what she had in her hands when she crossed the finish line.

Khemjira Klongsanun was only seven miles into a marathon in Ratchaburi, western Thailand when she noticed that the other participants were running around an anxious little puppy on the side of the road.

Because the puppy seemed to be just a few months old, Klongsanun could not bear to leave him on the pavement.

RELATED: Barefoot Woman Chases Dog Thief For Half Hour to Rescue Stolen Pup

“It seemed to me that this little guy was lost. There were no houses, no other dogs, or no people around. So, I picked up the puppy, if only to take him out of the unsafe environment,” said Klongsanun, as reported by The Daily Mail.

Sure enough, Klongsanun scooped up the little pup and carried him for the remaining 19 miles of the marathon.

“Running almost 20 miles carrying a dog was truly a challenge. It was two times more tiring than a normal marathon, but I did it anyway just because he is adorable.”

WATCH: 170 Foxes Are Rescued From Fur Farm and Given New Home at a Buddhist Monastery

In the aftermath of the marathon, she did her best to try and find the dog’s owner. She even took it home with her and searched for its family, but to no avail.

Klongsanun finally decided to keep the pup for herself and name him Chombueng after the marathon. Now that he has been vaccinated and neutered, he is reportedly living a cheerful life alongside Klongsanun’s two other dogs.

(WATCH the video below) – Photo by Viral Press

Be Sure And Share The Pawesome Rescue Story With Your Friends On Social MediaA man who apparently was attempting to kidnap a woman off the street made a big mistake when he followed her into a North Carolina karate dojo.

Randall Ephraim, the head instructor of Bushiken Karate Charlotte Dojo, says that he was tidying up the studio earlier this week when the woman ran into the building.

“There were still some kids in the dojo being picked up by parents and a couple of adult students cleaning up when a young lady came through our doors and stated that someone was trying to harm her,” Ephraim told CNN. “Shortly afterward, a big male entered the building. Not knowing what he wanted, I assumed he was inquiring about classes.”

RELATED: Woman Prevents Girl’s Kidnapping by Pretending to be Her Mother

“I asked how I could assist him and he stated that he was there for the lady. She insisted that she did not know him and tried to kidnap her.”

The 47-year-old perpetrator had reportedly tried to force the woman into his car just outside of the facility.

Ephraim simply asked him to leave, but the kidnapper refused and began “aggressively swinging” his way further into the dojo.

MORE: Quick-Thinking Teen ‘Befriends’ Couple to Thwart Kidnapping in Progress

Ephraim then took action and forced the man outside where the perpetrator unwisely attempted to attack the instructor.

According Ephraim, the man was “dealt with accordingly.”

Although the man was later taken into custody, he first had to be wheeled away from the scene on a stretcher before being taken to jail and charged with drug use and kidnapping.

(Photo by Randall Ephraim ,Bushiken Karate, Charlotte Dojo)

Be Sure And Share The Inspiring Rescue Story With Your Friends On Social MediaThe firefighters who rushed to Rachel Schoonover’s aid last month did a lot more than just ensure her imminent safety.

The 6th grade teacher had been washing dishes at her home in Elmira, New York when a wine glass suddenly shattered and cut an artery in her wrist.

“Instantly, blood was everywhere, spraying all corners of my kitchen,” Schoover wrote in a Facebook post. “I wrapped it up in a towel, called 911, called my mom, and continued to bleed everywhere.”

Responders from the Elmira Fire Department were the first to arrive on the scene, and as they tied a tourniquet around Schoonover’s arm to slow the bleeding, they simultaneously helped her son Declan into his pajamas and kept the two of them calm as they waited for an ambulance.

LOOK: Family Was Filling Up Swimming Pool Using Only Pots and Pans Until These Firemen Came Along

Since Schoonover’s husband was still at work and her mother had not yet arrived, there was no one to stay behind and watch her son. Some of the firemen immediately volunteered to stay behind and hold down the fort until someone else arrived.

After being whisked to the hospital, Schoonover received some stitches and a tetanus shot before being discharged later that very same night – and she was surprised by what she found when she got home.

“When we got back to my house, I was dreading the bloody mess that was waiting for me in every room,” says Schoonover. “Surprisingly, though, the mess was nearly nonexistent.

RELATED: Hero Cop Holds onto Van Dangling Over a Bridge Until Man Inside is Saved

“These men wiped down my fridge, coffee maker, speakers, cupboards, bathtub, floors, and even individual K-cups that had been hit. They put the dirty towels in my bathtub, threw away the glass, and cleaned up the blood in my sink.”

Furthermore, they left a note for the young mother.

“Hope you feel better and have a happy holiday with your boy,” said the note. “We cleaned up some shortly after you left. Hope you don’t mind. We didn’t know what to do with the rug though. Have a glass of wine for us and feel better.”

MORE: When Pizza Driver Gets into Accident, Firefighters Deliver the Hot Pizza Themselves

Schoonover posted a photo of the note to social media where it was shared thousands of times.

“While everyone last night went above and beyond to help me, I am especially grateful for these guys,” wrote Schoonover. “Thank you so much, West Elmira Fire Department!”

Be Sure And Share This Sweet Story Of Kindness With Your Friends On Social MediaTravis Trent was just celebrating the birth of his newborn baby when his car caught on fire – but instead of letting the burning vehicle damage the hospital or the surrounding cars, he managed to save the property by parking it at a safe distance.

Trent had been parked in the parking garage of the Good Samaritan Hospital in Tacoma, Washington when his dashboard started to smoke.

Despite how most people would have simply abandoned the car and fled to safety, Trent was concerned about the hospital’s structure and the dozens of other vehicles which were parked alongside of him.

“And so I said ‘this ain’t happening here’ and pulled out and [got] to the top and made sure I got my girlfriend’s makeup and car seat out of the car,” he told KOMO.

LOOK: Fearless Uber Driver Stops Mid-Trip to Scoop Up Injured Hawk and Save It From the Highway

The car was completely destroyed in the blaze that followed – and while the fire department says that people shouldn’t drive burning cars, they were impressed with Trent’s integrity.

“The fact that he did it and didn’t get injured and saved potentially thousands and thousands of dollars in damage to the parking structure, not to mention the cars he was next to, is pretty incredible,” Capt. Darrin Shaw of Central Pierce Fire and Rescue told the news outlet.

RELATED: Watch Bus Driver Offer Comfort and Resources to Homeless Passenger Escaping the Cold

In addition to rescuers thanking Trent for saving the garage, Trent’s brother works as a salesman at a local car dealership. Upon retelling the story of his sibling’s bravery to his boss, the dealership manager decided to replace Trent’s former car with the very same BMW 528 model for free.

They surprised Trent, his girlfriend, and their newborn baby Kennedy with the car earlier this week – and the family was overwhelmed with gratitude.

“It means a lot that people care,” a tear-eyed Trent told reporters.

(WATCH the emotional news coverage below) – Photo by KOMO

Be Sure And Share This Sweet Story With Your Friends On Social MediaStereotypes say that “chicks dig a guy in uniform” – and based on this police body cam footage, there might actually be some truth to that.

The Ossining Police Department of New York recently published a video from a dispatch call in which their officers were responding to a local shed fire.

As Officer McGovern was assessing the interior of the burning shed, he smartly took action by first removing several tanks of propane in order to avoid exacerbating the fire.

Except as he was moving one of the propane tanks, he was stunned to look down and see a lone chicken hiding inside of the burning shed.

MORE: Rescuers Pull Car From Frigid Water, Find a Driver Who Survived for 5 Hours Using an Air Bubble

The police department later posted the footage to Facebook, saying: “Somewhere around the first day of field training, some salty cop usually hits you with, ‘Kid, you wouldn’t believe what goes on around here if I told you.’ Saturday, Officer McGovern had his ‘aha’ moment.”

McGovern was not about to chicken out of his duties, however – the courageous New York cop gingerly pursued the bird up a set of stairs before he was finally able to get his hands around it and safely pass it on to rescue workers who were on the other side of the homeowner’s fence.

The family who lived on the property was reportedly overwhelmed with relief upon hearing that their fowl was okay – and although the police department praised Ossining for his actions, they also couldn’t help but lovingly ruffle his feathers a little bit.

LOOK: Fearless Uber Driver Stops Mid-Trip to Scoop Up Injured Hawk and Save It From the Highway

“Now, it’s not that we don’t love chickens. They’re just fine and certainly deserve our assistance,” said the department. “It’s just that, if you ever wanted to get a hard time from your coworkers, be a hero… to a chicken.

“Congratulations, Officer McGovern. Since the ‘Lifesaving Award’ doesn’t specifically prohibit the subject of your bravery from being poultry, we will put you in for an award because, well, this is a story that’s too good to let go of.”

Some Facebook readers were quick to scold the department for teasing a cop’s compassion towards an animal, but the department responded by saying: “It’s not really like that. Officer McGovern has a great sense of humor so we’re having a little fun with this, but he’s well respected by his coworkers. He’s a good cop and we’re grateful for his quick thinking and positive attitude.”

(WATCH the police footage below) – Photo by Ossining Police Department

Be Sure And Share This Eggsellent Rescue Story With Your Friends On Social MediaThese three inmates could have taken advantage of their security supervisor’s medical emergency earlier this week – but instead, they stayed by his side and ensured that he was taken care of.

The Bladen County inmates from North Carolina were picking up trash on the side of the road as a part of a program that allows them to perform community service in exchange for having their jail time reduced.

Their work was interrupted, however, when their supervisor James Smith started to stumble, which led him to fall into a ditch.

The inmates immediately rushed to his side. When Smith was unable to answer basic questions, the men used his phone to call for an ambulance before stopping traffic and asking drivers for help, according to the sheriff department’s Facebook page.

LOOK: Inmates Write Heartfelt Letter to Police Department Offering Condolences for Slain Officer

Paramedics escorted Smith to the Cape Fear Valley Medical Center where doctors were able to diagnosis the episode as a stroke.

While the supervisor has been recovering in the hospital, each of the three men were honored with the sheriff department’s esteemed Life-Saving Award.

The awards can dramatically improve their chances of landing employment once their are released from prison, but the men say that they are simply happy that Smith is okay.

MORE: Organizations Learn Cheap Tattoo Removal to Help Inmates Get Jobs

“At the end of the day, knowing he is OK, that makes you feel better,” one of the inmates told WECT, with another inmate adding: “He’s a good man. He’s more than a police officer. He’s more or less like my friend. He’s just a really good guy all the way around.”

Upon presenting the awards, Sheriff Jim McVicker said: “It goes to show, if you treat people right, they’ll return the favor and treat you right, and that’s exactly what [these men] have done here.”

(WATCH the news coverage below) – Photo by WECT

Save Your Friends From Negativity By Sharing The Inspiring Story To Social Media